'A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy!
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes, this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!
Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes, tough on crime, strong on military and borders... so much more. Look at your 401-k  s since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back!
Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime, illegal immigration, Border Wall, Military, Pro Life, V.A., Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones, a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet!
Report:   ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE    Now it all starts to make sense!
People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of @ABC News (he has been suspended), should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars!
After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness.
Tainted (no, very dishonest?) FBI   agent role in Clinton probe under review.   Led Clinton Email probe. @foxandfriends  Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge.
Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco!
I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!
Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and   papers   should do the same with their Fake News!
Many people in our Country are asking what the   Justice   Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary, AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress, deleted and   acid washed   33,000 Emails? No justice!
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI holiday   interrogation   with no swearing in and no recording, lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system, or just a double standard?
Great job First Lady Melania!
62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history...
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment!
We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Chairman @SenOrrinHatch for shepherding our bill through the Senate. Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas!
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:    The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS...
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! He  s not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects, (I call the final shots) we work well together and America is highly respected again!
Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getting better and better. This is a once in a generation chance. Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit!
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections.
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL!
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of all  the gift of God  s love for all of humanity.  Whatever our beliefs, we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life...
Today is a day that I  ve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before.   Now, as President of the United States, it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world, a very MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017! #DOW24K #MAGA
Today, it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the @WhiteHouse. Bahrain and the United States are important partners.  During the Crown Prince  s visit, he is advancing $9 BILLION in commercial deals, including finalizing the purchase of F-16  s...
Thank you @SenOrrinHatch. Let  s continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Election, the Market would be down 50% from these levels and Consumer Confidence, which is also at an all-time high, would be   low and glum!
Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out!
The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people, and the military, put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch.
The Failing @nytimes has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue!  @foxandfriends
The Failing @nytimes, the pipe organ for the Democrat Party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill. They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner!
Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years!
  Had the information (Crooked Hillary  s emails) been released there would have been harm to National Security.... Charles McCullough Fmr Intel Comm Inspector General
The only people who don  t like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that don  t understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans!
The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump. Big stuff. Deep State. Give this information NOW! @FoxNews
.@Theresa_May, don  t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS, to protect OUR COMMUNITIES, and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY! http://45.wh.gov/XocfMQ&nbsp;
This week, the Senate can join the House  take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America. Together, we will give the American people a big, beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY!
Departing @JBA_NAFW for St. Charles, Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.  A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people!
Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects, CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9% in Q3.  Stock market at a new high, unemployment at a low. We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear!
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the   unsolved mystery   that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for   inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.   But when will the top executives at NBC  Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lack  s past!
Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)!
Great, and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time!
.@foxandfriends, we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy!
Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country!
Great work Ivanka!
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB. A big win for the Consumer!
Charles McCullough, the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General, said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails.   Emails endangered National Security.   Why aren  t our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged  corrupt? @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity
After North Korea missile launch, it's more important than ever to fund our gov't  military! Dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty  illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands.
  The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Consumer Confidence Index rose from 126.2 in October to 129.5, notching its best reading since December 2000...  http://bit.ly/2AijXKg&nbsp;
Dow, SP 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS!
Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell, @SpeakerRyan and Secretary of Defense, General James Mattis.
  Statement from President Donald J. Trump on #GivingTuesday  https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/11/27/statement-president-donald-j-trump-givingtuesday&nbsp;
Meeting with   Chuck and Nancy   today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don  t see a deal!
Melania, our great and very hard working First Lady, who truly loves what she is doing, always thought that   if you run, you will win.   She would tell everyone that,   no doubt, he will win.   I also felt I would win (or I would not have run) - and Country is doing great!
At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country, our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control!
Thank you Rand!
New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going! Democrats want big Tax Increases.
The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well, great support. With just a few changes, some mathematical, the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well!
The good news is that their ratings are terrible, nobody cares!
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!
Back in D.C., big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country.  Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL!
Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russia,Russia.  Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasn  t enough. Can  t let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD!
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!
Wow, even I didn  t realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you.
.@FoxNews is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN, but outside of the U.S., CNN International is still a major source of (Fake) news, and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them!
Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal @WSJ about what a complete disaster the @CFPB has been under its leader from previous Administration, who just quit!
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!
Happy #SmallBusinessSaturday!  A great day to support your community and America  s JOB creators by shopping locally at a #SmallBiz. #ShopSmall
Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named   Man (Person) of the Year,   like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack, with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before, and we will. Need the WALL, need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt.
Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism, we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA!
Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done, but what a mistake, in lives and dollars (6 trillion), to be there in the first place!
Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country, our Flag, our Anthem continues without penalty to the players. The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. Players are the boss!
Two great people!
A great guy (with great ratings)!
ObamaCare premiums are going up, up, up, just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats, and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct, we will Repeal  Replace right after Tax Cuts!
My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @USCG, at the Lake Worth Inlet Station, in Riviera Beach, Florida today! #HappyThanksgiving
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M.  Afghanistan, Iraq, USS Monterey, Turkey  Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard Quarters, Florida.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING, your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back, highest Stock Market EVER, Military getting really strong, we will build the WALL, V.A. taking care of our Vets, great Supreme Court Justice, RECORD CUT IN REGS, lowest unemployment in 17 years....!
....And it will get even better with Tax Cuts!
I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina!
51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (AAA). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly!  @FoxNews
The @USNavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved.
Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago). Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong.
The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. That  s almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!.....
...LaVar, you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China, but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar, shoplifting is NOT a little thing. It  s a really big deal, especially in China. Ungrateful fool!
It wasn  t the White House, it wasn  t the State Department, it wasn  t father LaVar  s so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor man  s version of Don King, but without the hair. Just think..
Today, we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobbler  s Rest...
President Donald J. Trump and @FLOTUS Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House.https://www.pscp.tv/w/bOMUTDFvTlFsTFJub1dwUXd8MU1ueG5neUxWYWRLT-3syHs0mFD5Lw4qEMU_9ZG7f_dbk4WgSYR4XJMe7DEr&nbsp;
Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%.  Analysts predict economic boom for 2018!  @foxandfriends and @Varneyco
Marshawn Lynch of the NFL  s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public!
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border, another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will, and must, build the Wall!
Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal.
Shoplifting is a very big deal in China, as it should be (5-10 years in jail), but not to father LaVar. Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead. China told them why they were released. Very ungrateful!
Sen. Jeff Flake(y), who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race, anemic polls) was caught (purposely) on   mike   saying bad things about your favorite President. He  ll be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is   toast.
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can  t stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years!
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!
Today, it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the @WhiteHouse!  #NCAAChampionsPhotos: https://www.
Together, we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and we're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel, #MS13, and many other gangs...  'Hundreds arrested in MS-13 crackdown' http://45.wh.gov/MS13Crackdown&nbsp;
If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform, we'll really see some great results!
.And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape?
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5  6 while she sleeps? .....
Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform, 227-205. Zero Dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military!
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct    a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year!
Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again.
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move, we'll see what happens!
....your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
To the three UCLA basketball players I say:  You're welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made.....
Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!
It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!
...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!
The failing @nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China.....
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!
Thank you!
Thank you, working hard!
While in the Philippines I was forced to watch @CNN, which I have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and FAKE, it is. Loser!
.@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia, and the friendships  benefits that will endure for years to come!
Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!
Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home!
THANK YOU ASIA! #USA
THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREAT WORK!
One of the most accurate polls last time around. But #FakeNews likes to say we  re in the 30  s. They are wrong. Some people think numbers could be in the 50's. Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be making a major statement from the @WhiteHouse upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set.
Just arrived at #ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS, unlike the horror shows from past Administrations. Will then be leaving for D.C. Made many good friends!
After my tour of Asia, all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly!
Great to see @RandPaul looking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM!
Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I am proud of the Rep. House  Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes { reform.} We  re getting close! Now, how about ending the unfair  highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare  reducing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35% w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts?
Happy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs  work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled.
Great day of bilateral meetings at #ASEANSummit on trade, which we are turning around to be great deals for our country!
Thank you!
We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam, thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the #ASEANSummit 50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now.
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam!
Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me old, when I would NEVER call him short and fat? Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen!
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also, but he had zero chemistry with Putin.
When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. There always playing politics - bad for our country. I want to solve North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, terrorism, and Russia can greatly help!
Met with President Putin of Russia who was at #APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve, along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis. Progress being made.
Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the Phillipines.
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made.
  Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War    http://45.wh.gov/GDvY2G&nbsp;
On this wonderful Veterans Day, I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GREAT VETERANS. Thank you!
On behalf of an entire nation, Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines! #USMC242 #SemperFi
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security - economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017
The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine. That is the message I am here to deliver today. #APEC2017
Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the Indo-Pacific, and together, to promote our prosperity and security. #APEC2017
In more and more places throughout this region, citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater control of their destinies, and unlocked the potential of their people. #APEC2017
Throughout my travels, I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. I've had the honor of sharing our vision for a free  open Indo-Pacific -- a place where sovereign  independent nations, w/diverse cultures  many different dreams, can all prosper side-by-side.
Just landed in Da Nang, Vietnam to deliver a speech at #APEC2017
I am leaving China for #APEC2017 in Vietnam. @FLOTUS Melania is staying behind to see the zoo, and of course, the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops.
My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people. It was great being with him and Madame Peng Liyuan!
I don  t blame China, I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing $100's of billions. How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue? I would've done same!
President Xi, thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display!
Congratulations to all of the   DEPLORABLES   and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE (304-227) Electoral College landslide victory!
Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China! @FLOTUS Melania and I will never forget it!
NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US.
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and I, THANK YOU for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the Forbidden City in Beijing, President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan. We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning!
Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!
Together, we dream of a Korea that is free, a peninsula that is safe, and families that are reunited once again!
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no longer.
The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear  ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance, agreement,  commmitment it has made to the U.S. and its allies. It's broken all of those commitments...
The U.S., under my administration, is completely rebuilding its military, and they're spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world, being built right now. I want peace through strength!
Join me LIVE in South Korea #NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia  http://45.wh.gov/mReti1&nbsp;
Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don  t forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, we will continue to win, even bigger than before!
Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea, then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory.
Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected  disposed. We can do this!
Franklin, such a great photo.   HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father, @BillyGraham!
.@EdWGillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone. Vote today, ASAP!
....and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Vote @EdWGillespie today!
Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. He  s weak on crime, weak on our GREAT VETS, Anti-Second Amendment....
....is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class, companies and jobs!
Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration....
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. It will always be remembered.
It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys, in South Korea.
....Some of those they are harshly treating have been   milking   their country for years!
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing....
Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon, a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out!
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits, for our great Country. Massive military  energy orders happening+++!
The state of Virginia economy, under Democrat rule, has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back!
#USA #Japan
...Americans do what we do best: we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms and through the tears and the sadness, we stand strong...
May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI  law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan.
Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy.
It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT @USForcesJapan!
Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama, two wonderful people!
Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo, Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe.
Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States!
Unemployment is down to 4.1%, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever, up $5.4 trill
Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.  Remember #PearlHarbor. Remember the @USSArizona!  A day I  ll never forget.
Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii. My great honor to visit @PacificCommand upon arrival. Heading to Pearl Harbor w/ @FLOTUS now.
Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor!
The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military.
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
The rigged Dem Primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful!
Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan, SKorea, China, Vietnam  the Philippines. Will never let you down!
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders, not Crooked H, without cheating, I was right.
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!
...Based on that, the Military has hit ISIS much harder over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us!
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed, and so badly wounded, the wonderful people on the West Side, was their soldier. .....
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats, lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI  Justice Dept.
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC  then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!
....People are angry.  At some point the Justice Department, and the FBI, must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it!
...New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails, Uranium, Podesta, the Server, plus, plus...
Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary  the Dems..
My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact.
I will be interviewed by @IngrahamAngle on @FoxNews at 10:00. Enjoy!
The @TuckerCarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster!
....This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department?
Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H....
Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill, but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America!
Today, it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the @FederalReserve.
Broadcom's move to America=$20 BILLION of annual rev into U.S.A., $3+ BILLION/yr. in research/engineering  $6 BILLION/yr. in manufacturing.
Today, we are thrilled to welcome @Broadcom CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQ  s from Singapore back to the U.S.A.....
Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE! #USA
I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security.
Congratulations to the Houston @Astros, 2017 #WorldSeries Champions#HoustonStrong #EarnHistory
...There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY!
Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system...
NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY!
Great mtg w/ @Cabinet today. Tomorrow, I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely impressed by this person!
Happy birthday to @garyplayer, a truly great Champion and Person!
It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners!
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first!
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them!
CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly evil. NOT ACCEPTABLE!
...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better!
Thanks to @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @SenateGOP we are appointing high-quality Federal District...
Thank you to the GREAT NYPD, First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally!
...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. #NYCStrong
Just spoke with @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor de Blasio to let them know that the federal government...
We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones.
....for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts.....
#NYCStrong #USA
Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness!  @foxandfriends
We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration, no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter).  @foxandfriends
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the Diversity Visa Lottery Program, a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this!
The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!
My thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you!
We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough!
In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.!
U.S. COAL PRODUCTION Up7.8% past year.  Down31.5% last 10 years.  #EndingWarOnCoal
  Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August   Read more: http://45.wh.gov/AllTimeHigh&nbsp;
Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000 Read more: http://45.wh.gov/HighestSince2000&nbsp;
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween! #Halloween2017
Thank you @LuisRiveraMarin!
  Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks  https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/10/30/statement-president-donald-j-trump-apprehension-mustafa-al-imam-his?utm_source=twitterutm_medium=socialutm_campaign=wh_20171030_na&nbsp;
....earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp, which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak!
The biggest story yesterday, the one that has the Dems in a dither, is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is....
I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business (jobs) and the Middle Class (in addition to Democrat corruption)!
....came to the campaign. Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS!
The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, there was no collusion and events mentioned took place long before he...
....Also, there is NO COLLUSION!
Sorry, but this is years ago, before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary  the Dems the focus?????
Great job by MichaelCaputo on @foxandfriends.
Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972,000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12,400,000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd!
All of this Russia talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts  Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!
...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!
...collusion, which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the R's...
...the Uranium to Russia deal, the  33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia,....
Never seen such Republican ANGER  UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12,000,000?),....
As usual, the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it), but we will Repeal  Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!
JFK Files are released, long ahead of schedule!
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad!
Happy #FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service, sacrifice and courage 24/7/365!
...in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest.
...addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure, transparency and...
After strict consultation with General Kelly, the CIA and other Agencies, I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and...
Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Everyone can help fight the #OpioidEpidemic by participating! http://DEA.gov&nbsp;
Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News). Thank you Mr. President!
Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). Best consecutive Q's in years!
  WHAT HAPPENED      How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia   http://
#JFKFiles
Happy Birthday @TheLeeGreenwood! #FlashbackFriday
People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be....
.@FoxNews Chris Wallace:   More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP  http://
We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love.
Diane Black of Tennessee, the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman, did a GREAT job in passing Budget, setting up big Tax Cuts
Thank you @FLGovScott.
It is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC!
Happy birthday to the great @TheLeeGreenwood. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public!
Good luck to @Joy_Villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans!
Congratulations to @SpeakerRyan, @GOPLeader, @SteveScalise and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts
Thank you @foxandfriends. Really great job and show!
Wacky  totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections!
WORKING TOGETHER, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic  free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse. http://45.wh.gov/OpioidCrisis&nbsp;
Effective today, my administration officially declared the #OpioidCrisis a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under federal law.
Big news - Budget just passed!
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party!
Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work, and will be VERY weak on crime!
Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #'s around, and fast. Strong on crime, he might even save our great statues/heritage!
Will be another Sean success!
Together, we will Make America Great Again! #AmericaFirst
This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it! #TaxReform  Read more: http://45.wh.gov/XdCcKj&nbsp;
Interview with @LouDobbs coming up at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!
Texas @GovAbbott  Lt. Gov. @DanPatrick,  Thank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX. Keep up the great work!
The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting!
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi  Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip!
Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo  trade, two very important subjects!
Just interviewed by @LouDobbs. Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. #Dobbs
Congrats to @Reince Priebus, a really good and talented man. We  re proud of you Reince!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Jeff Flake, with an 18% approval rating in Arizona, said a lot of my colleagues have spoken out. Really, they just gave me a standing O!
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class, business  JOBS
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and Corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt  wounded!
Clinton campaign  DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President. @FoxNews
So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S.
  President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24, 2017, as United Nations Day   Read more: http://45.wh.gov/UNDay&nbsp;
Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good.
...the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward!
Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee,  look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as.....
Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker, who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee, will now fight Tax Cuts plus!
...Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record!
Bob Corker, who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal  couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts....
We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our nation.
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag  Country.  No leadership in NFL!
There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays!
It is finally sinking through. 46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS, even worse! Lost cred.
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action  vote R!
Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!
...2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court Justice, Record Stock Market, lowest unemployment in 17 yrs!
...9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security....
I agree getting Tax Cuts approved  is important (we will also get HealthCare), but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first.....
Just out, but lightly reported: Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market Lowest since March 1973. @bpolitics
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine!
Keep hearing about tiny amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC  CBS?
Officials behind the now discredited Dossier plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it.
  Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign  http://
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this!
People get what is going on!
Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party!
Budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered!
Great book just out, A Place Called Heaven, by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man!
This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people! Join me today: http://45.wh.gov/NhR3gt&nbsp;
Today, it was an honor to have @UN Secretary-General @AntonioGuterres at the @WhiteHouse. Speaking for the U.S.A., we appreciate all you do!
Thank you @GeraldoRivera @FoxandFriends. Agree!
Just out report: United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror. Not good, we must keep America safe!
....This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform), which will be the biggest in the history of our country!
The Budget passed late last night, 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul (he will vote for Tax Cuts) voting against.....
Great news on the 2018 budget @SenateMajLdr McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the American people! #TaxReform
Big ratings getter @seanhannity and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for #VegasStrong. Great Show!
The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D), who was SECRETLY on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content!
Keep up the GREAT work. I am with you 100%!  ISIS is losing its grip... Army Colonel Ryan Dillon CJTF  OIR http://45.wh.gov/OIR&nbsp;
It was great to have Governor @RicardoRossello of #PuertoRicowith us at the @WhiteHouse today. We are with you! #PRStrong
.@foxandfriends Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it, Russia, the FBI or the Dems (or all)?
Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows?
46% of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump  his Administration. @FoxNews   It is actually much worse than this!
.@DanaPerino  @BradThor, Thank you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! #MAGA
20,00021,00022,000 23,000this year...FOUR one thousand milestones this year...  #Dow23K #MAGA
This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA
.@NFL: Too much talk, not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem.
Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates the other limits.. Amb. @NikkiHaley
It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the @WhiteHouse today. #TaxReform
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and @FEMA team. We support you!
The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers  harmful to job-creators. Americans need #TaxReform! More: http://45.wh.gov/sTqH9z&nbsp;
I am supportive of Lamar as a person  also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care.
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country!
As it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully, all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history.
...people not interviewed, including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?
Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating  Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many..
The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD. http://45.wh.gov/dfu6M8&nbsp;
Thank you @Heritage! This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy, revive our industry  renew the AMERICAN DREAM!
WOW!
BORDER WALL prototypes underway!
Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a product that never had a chance of working.
So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be @NBCNews, @CBSNews, @ABC and @CNN. Fiction writers!
It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today! http://45.wh.gov/91vp4k&nbsp; http://
Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece. http://45.wh.gov/91vp4k&nbsp;
Dow Passes 23,000 for the First Time, Fueled by Strong Earnings #Dow23Khttp://45.wh.gov/Dow23K&nbsp;
Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Int'l Airport!
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, I hope so!
The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm.
Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25%, unemployment is at a 17 year low  companies are coming back to U.S.
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!
Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @FoxNews
...approvals of The Keystone XL  Dakota Access pipelines. Also, look at the recent EPA cancelations  our great new Supreme Court Justice!
The Failing @nytimes, in a story by Peter Baker, should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP  The Paris Accord  the fast....
The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down!
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!
Health Insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years, plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!
Such a wonderful statement from the great @LouDobbs. We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history.
ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums  deductibles are way up!
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits, under the guise of ObamaCare, is over. They have made a fortune. Dems must get smart  deal!
Many people talking, with much agreement, on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!
Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts.
#WeeklyAddress
Today, I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regime  s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon.
Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004 http://45.wh.gov/ConsumerConfidence&nbsp;
In America, we don't worship government - we worship God.  #ValuesVotersSummit
I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women @USNavy! #242NavyBday
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them!
Hard to believe that the Democrats, who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!
Sadly, they and others are Fake News, and the public is just beginning to figure it out!
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!
It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY, to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES, and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform
People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (FakeNews) @NBCNews is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even @CNN!
Happy #NationalFarmersDay!
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES  that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA, GROW in AMERICA, and HIRE in AMERICA!
The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access, INCREASE choices, and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE!  http://45.wh.gov/Sp9y4H&nbsp;
The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
...We cannot keep FEMA, the Military  the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
...accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend....
Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making. says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of.....
Clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now. Have a great day!
In even the darkest moments, the light of our people has shown through their goodness, their courage and their love. #USA
Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public!
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families  that encourages companies to STAY in America, GROW in America, and HIRE in America
I will be interviewed tonight on @FoxNews by @SeanHannity at 9pmE. Enjoy!
Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania!  #TaxReform #USA http://45.wh.gov/anNWTR&nbsp;
Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sunday  s tragedy.
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Fake @NBCNews made up a story that I wanted a tenfold increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction, made up to demean. NBC = CNN!
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases  soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history  the WALL!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
...fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and, more importantly, for the USA!
The Fake News is at it again, this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know, General John Kelly, by saying he will soon be.....
My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #StanleyCup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with @FLOTUS today!
The Failing @nytimes set Liddle' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool, and that's what I am dealing with!
Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just came out with book, The Art of the Donald, Lessons from America's.... Really good book!
With Jemele Hill at the mike, it is no wonder ESPN ratings have tanked, in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure borders,they don't care about safety for U.S.A.
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem, Flag and Country? Change tax law!
A big salute to Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys, who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag.Stand for Anthem or sit for game!
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9, 2017, as #ColumbusDayhttps://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/10/06/president-donald-j-trump-proclaims-october-9-2017-columbus-day&nbsp;
The trip by @VP Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars  getting nothing. Policy didn't work!
The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters.....   @nypost  Thank you!
Nobody could have done what I  ve done for #PuertoRico with so little appreciation. So much work!
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal,  that's about it. We need HealthCare, we need Tax Cuts/Reform, we need people that can get the job done!
FEMA and first responders are working hard (yet again) on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control!
I asked @VP Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and @SecondLady Karen.
...Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!
..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said NO THANKS. He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
Senator Bob Corker begged me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said NO and he dropped out (said he could not win without...
#LasVegasStrong #USA
Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts!
Thanks for your support!
...hasn't worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work!
Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid......
Will be joining @GovMikeHuckabee tonight at 8pmE on @TBN. Enjoy!
Our great team at @FEMA is prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA, MS, AL, and FL please listen to your local authorities  be safe!
.@NBCNews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it, which is really all that matters! Not #1
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows!
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very unfunny  repetitive material, always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?
...contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems, and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!
Can't believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. It discusses the enthusiasm of Trump voters through campaign....
Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs  sanctuary cities.  Vote Ed Gillespie!
Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by @NBCNews. Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me.
Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!
Thank you!
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who I will never forget!
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION, THANK YOU to all of the First Responders (HEROES) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night.
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS!
I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with @FLOTUS Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers.
The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down!
Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake, most showed great warmth and friendship.
My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor @RicardoRossello  his team. Great progress being made! #PRStrong
It is a miracle how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
So proud of @FEMA, Military, and First Responders! Thank you!
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI. He is very thankful for the great job done by @FEMA and First Responders.
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers.
I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!
Congratulations to #TeamUSAon your great @PresidentsCup victory!
Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years, why would it work now? Clinton failed, Bush failed, and Obama failed. I won't fail.
...Save your energy Rex, we'll do what has to be done!
I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man...
...for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!
...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected.....
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,...
19,000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! #StandForOurAnthem
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race,FAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement!
Because of #FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here, they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB!
Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!
I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist  support the people in their time of great need.
Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR!
We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster.
......#FakeNews critics are working overtime, but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter!  #PRStrong
My Administration, Governor @RicardoRossello, and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way...
To the people of Puerto Rico: Do not believe the #FakeNews! #PRStrong
Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you!
Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!
The Governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello, is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky!
Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems, an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people!
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame!
I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands (people working hard).
Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to get Trump. Not fair to FR or effort!
The military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed.
...want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job.
...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They....
The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.
THANK YOU to the amazing Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and all law enforcement officers, for all you do 24/7/365! #LESM
Join me for my #WeeklyAddress http://45.wh.gov/WeeklyAddress&nbsp;
My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur, the holiest day of the Jewish year.
Thank you @ShopFloorNAM. An honor to be with you today. Great news! Manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017. #TaxReform
This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation  s classrooms with the jobs of the future.
RECORD HIGH FOR S  P 500!
Thank you to FEMA, our great Military  all First Responders who are working so hard,against terrible odds,in Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday!
...The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: The Administration and the President, every time we've spoken, they've delivered......
GDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. Many people thought it would be years before that happened. We have just begun!
Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system, electric grid many roads, gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said great job!
...really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly!
FEMA  First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food  water delivered. Docks  electric grid dead. Locals trying....
Welcome back @SteveScalise! #TeamScalise
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site.
Democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill.
It is time to take care of OUR people, to rebuild OUR NATION, and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform #USA
This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed  grow TOGETHER    as one team, one people,  one American family. #TaxReform
Just arrived in Indianapolis, Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
..But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring
Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence,Fake News, @nytimes(apologized)  @WaPo were anti-Trump. Collusion?
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!
With one Yes vote in hospital  very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out), we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday!
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back  ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec!
70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then  now! Thanks NSC Staff!
Thank you to our wonderful team @USUN and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA
It was an honor to welcome President @MarianoraJoy of Spain. Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal #NoKo regime.
I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month.
America's hearts  prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico  the #USVI. We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER!
Heading over to the @UN to meet with Ambassador @NikkiHaley and all of her great representatives! #USA
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! #USA
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, the Mayor of San Juan, for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way
Great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea.
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!
The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing  Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk!
...owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA
...It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars....
Texas  Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure  massive debt, is in deep trouble..
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country. #StandForOurAnthem
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
.@CNN is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie!
#StandForOurAnthem
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts  reform.
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!
Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/09/24/enhancing-vetting-capabilities-and-processes-detecting-attempted-entry&nbsp;
Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!
Alaska, Arizona, Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal  Replace and some Senators not there.
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!
...NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag  Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!
Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a moment of courage. Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116% increase!
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!
Very proud of our incredible First Lady (@FLOTUS.) She is a truly great representative for our country!
...our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect....
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people, what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday.
Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare, worst in the country. Deductibles high, people angry! Lisa M comes through.
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control   management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down!
Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill, which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal  Replace. Let Arizona down!
Heading to Alabama now, big crowd!
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job!
#USAatUNGA#UNGA
Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close. He loves Alabama, and so do I!
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media screaming for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate!
The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
Thank you!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before!
Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as the Republican who saved ObamaCare.
A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations!
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C.
Today, I announced a new Executive Order with re: to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #NoKo.
It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea. Stay tuned! #UNGA
It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today. #UNGA https://www.
It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning! #USAatUNGA #UNGA
Governor @RicardoRossello-  We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrong
Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care), he doesn't lie-just wants to help people!
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down!
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal  Replace.
Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like Big Luther Strange. Smart, tough on crime, borders  trade, loves Vets  Military. Tuesday!
On behalf of all Americans, I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year. http://45.wh.gov/BNJys9&nbsp;
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges  opportunities facing our nations today.
Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority  his delegation, who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace.
It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting!
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting Big Luther Strange because he was so loyal  helpful to me!
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal  Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!
Thank you  @foxandfriends - great show!
The world is noticing, thanks!
After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also), Crooked Hillary now criticizes.
Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the DEPLORABLES.
So nice, thank you!
A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!
Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help!
The true question for the @UN...
It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations. #USAatUNGA#UNGA
God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.
As President of the United States of America, I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst#UNGA Full remarks: http://45.wh.gov/wkGxNw&nbsp;
Thehas great strength  patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy #NoKo.
Big day at the United Nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M.
#USAatUNGA #UNGA
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela, and we want it to happen very, very soon!
It was a great honor to be with President @EmmanuelMacron of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting! #UNGA
Such an honor to have my good friend, Israel PM @Netanyahu, join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. #UNGA http://45.wh.gov/Israel&nbsp;
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister @Netanyahu shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!
We commend SG @AntonioGuterres  his call for the UN to focus more on people  less on bureaucracy. #USAatUNGA #UNGA http://45.wh.gov/K2mggs&nbsp;
Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce!
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it. #MAGA
My great honor!
Thank you!
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. Big Luther is a great guy who gets things done!
A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs, and I believe will be getting even better!
HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the @USAirForce! The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America PROUD, STRONG and FREE!
We will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont: https://www.
Our hearts  prayers go out to the people of London, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack....
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country. Proclamation: http://45.wh.gov/POWMIARecognitionDay&nbsp;
Frank   FX   Giaccio- On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania  myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService gives you an A+!
WEEKLY ADDRESS
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive  nasty!
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off  use better!
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW!
FLORIDA- Just like TX, WE are w/you today, we are w/you tomorrow,  we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to RESTORE, RECOVER,  REBUILD!
WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!  Emergency Information  1-800-342-3557 http://www.FloridaDisaster.org/info&nbsp;  Volunteer  1-800-FL-HELP-1 http://www.VolunteerFlorida.org&nbsp;
...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country  its people.
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S.  its people...
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site.
Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do!
...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security
Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!.....
The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built.
No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote.
The deplorables came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game!
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!
With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go!
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders  others.
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut  Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the @WhiteHouse today!
Congratulations to Eric  Lara on the birth of their son, Eric Luke Trump this morning!
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!
Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me  have zero access. #FAKE NEWS!
May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911
#NeverForget
The U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!
Heed the advice of @FLGovScott!  If you're in an evacuation zone, you need to get to a shelter...there's not many hours left. Gov. Scott
This is a storm of enormous destructive power, and I ask everyone in the storm  s path to heed ALL instructions from government officials.
FLORIDA-  Visit http://FloridaDisaster.org/info&nbsp; to find shelters, road closures,  evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list: http://45.wh.gov/HurricaneIrmaFeed&nbsp;
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others).
A message to my fellow Americans#IrmaHurricane2017
Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!
...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!
Republicans, sorry, but I've been hearing about Repeal  Replace for 7 years, didn't happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will....
Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready!
We will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. I  m proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal.
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local  state officials!
During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab  Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies..
Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE!
For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!
Thank you, our great honor!
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMA
We want our companies to hire  grow in AMERICA, to raise wages for AMERICAN workers,  to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities  towns! #USA
If we want to renew our PROSPERITY, restore OPPORTUNITY,  re-establish our economic DOMINANCE, then we need tax reform that is pro-growth..
Thank you for joining me in Mandan, ND Gov. @DougBurgum, Lt. Gov. @BrentSanfordND, @SenJohnHoeven, @RepKevinCramer  @SenatorHeitkamp.
Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida, Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands  Ricardo Rossell of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W/ YOU ALL!
'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations'  http://45.wh.gov/Florida&nbsp; http://45.wh.gov/PuertoRico&nbsp; http://45.wh.gov/USVirginIslands&nbsp;
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!
I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st.
I am allowing Japan  South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.
Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA!
Big week coming up!
We are building our future with American hands, American labor, American iron, aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay!
The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea.
I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you.
South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!
..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success.
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States.....
So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ @NationalGuard, #LEOs  the #CajunNavy!
Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation  coordination!
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!
TEXAS: We are with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, and REBUILD!
Departing for Texas and Louisiana with @FLOTUS Melania right now @JBA_NAFW. We will see you soon. America is with you!
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania  myself, THANK YOU for today's update  GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist @SendRelief, @RedCross  @SalvationArmyUS
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.
Stock Market up 5 months in a row!
'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3, 2017, as a National Day of Prayer' #HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas http://45.wh.gov/PrayForTexas&nbsp;
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men  women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to..
Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong
First responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage  devotion has saved countless lives    they represent the very best of America!
Texas  Louisiana: We are w/ you today, we are w/ you tomorrow,  we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover,  REBUILD!
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!
After witnessing first hand the horror  devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!
.@foxandfriends   We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government. @IngrahamAngle
Leaving now for Texas!
Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall.
THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with #HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas!
Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together!
.@ChuckGrassley - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #Harvey. So far, so good!
You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe.
We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you! @GovAbbott @FEMA @DHSgov
I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe!
At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!
I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice  orders of their local and state officials.
Received a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting @DHSgov Secretary Elaine Duke, @FEMA_Brock, @TomBossert45 and COS John Kelly.
I have spoken w/ @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments  here to assist as needed.
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy!
Nick Adams, Retaking America  Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever.
Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC!
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News
If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate!
A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America!
As #HurricaneHarvey intensifies - remember to #PlanAhead.  http://www.hurricanes.gov&nbsp; http://www.ready.gov&nbsp;  http://www.fema.gov&nbsp;
On Tuesday, I visited with the incredible men  women of @ICEgov  @DHSgov Border Patrol in Yuma, AZ. Thank you. We respect  cherish you!
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal  Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened!
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
..(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally.....
...didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!
I requested that Mitch M  Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They...
Donald E. Ballard, on behalf of the people of the United States, THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE US ALL! #ALConv2017
A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement  Modernization Act into law w/ @AmericanLegion @SecShulkin. http://45.wh.gov/9y3Pcw&nbsp;
As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! #ALConv2017
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule  go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time!
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime  border!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#DrainTheSwamp #PhoenixRally
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets!
Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at: https://www.
THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma, Arizona  around the United States!
We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts, courage in our souls  everlasting pride in each  every one of you. God Bless America.
See you at 7:00 P.M. tonight Phoenix, Arizona! #MAGA Tickets: https://www.
We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @USNavy aboard the  #USSJohnSMcCain, and their families.
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong!
Address to the Nation Full Video  Transcript: https://www.
Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer, and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad. #USA
Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia.  http://45.wh.gov/FortMyer&nbsp;
Thank you, the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control!
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!
Thoughts  prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search  rescue efforts are underway.http://www.cpf.navy.mil/news.aspx/130185&nbsp;
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal,  we will heal,  be stronger than ever before!
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @BreitbartNews...maybe even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan.
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
My thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones. We are with you! #LESM
Today, I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act (#HR873.) The bill authorizes....conthttps://www.
Just returned to Bedminster, NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military! #MAGA
I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont:http://45.wh.gov/CyberCommand&nbsp;
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever).
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert  closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough  strong, we love you!
...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
...can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also...
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.....
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!
Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic!
The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame!
...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis  white supremacists......
THANK YOU @MayorGimenez for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks: https://www.
Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday, August 22nd in Phoenix, Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at: https://www.
Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017, joined by @DeptVetAffairs @SecShulkin.
Just landed in Bedminster, New Jersey. #MAGA
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council  Strategy  Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all!
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall  Crime!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
Congratulations John!
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!
According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia!
Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. Tough on crime, borders etc.
Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home!
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.
Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House  Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher  higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back  LOWER PRICES!
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border  Wall, the military, tax cuts  law enforcement.
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad!
Deepest condolences to the families  fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready, willing and able.
We must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST.
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives. #Charlottesville
Join me live from Bedminster, New Jersey: http://45.wh.gov/5HJcB8&nbsp;
Am in Bedminster for meetings  press conference on V.A.  all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!
We ALL must be united  condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster, New Jersey. http://45.wh.gov/NationalSecurityPressConf&nbsp;
As promised on the campaign trail, we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed  thrive as the economy grows!
Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism via Bloomberg
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are....http://45.wh.gov/Aj7kQA&nbsp;
Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely.  Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!
Trump approval rebounds to 45%, surges among Hispanics, union homes, menhttp://www.
.@IvankaTrump will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall, supporting women  s entrepreneurship globally. #GES2017 @narendramodi
Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal  Replace, Tax Reform  Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal  Replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done. Must Repeal  Replace ObamaCare!
#GodBlessTheUSA
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had excessive expectations, but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal  Replace, why not done?
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
After many years of failure,countries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough  decisive!
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J.
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there
How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!
On #PurpleHeartDayI thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA
...conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES  WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!
... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation  so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs.....
The Trump base is far bigger   stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio.......
The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C., surging economy  jobs,border  military security,ISIS  MS-13 etc.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K.
Thank you Nicole!
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!
Working in Bedminster, N.J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!
Under Trump, gains against #ISIS have dramatically acceleratedhttps://www.
Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first. #AmericaFirst
Great work being done by @FEMA @DHSgov w/state  local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an investment in our future!
No matter the mission, the brave men  women of our @USCG proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #CG227
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!
West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3%, wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night.
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation busting to come. Working hard on tax cuts  reform!
....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin.
Toyota  Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!
Thank you West Virginia! All across the country, Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA
Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere, using #VAVideoConnect - available at: http://mobile.va.gov/appstore&nbsp;.
Today, I  announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! #USA
See you tonight Huntington, West Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets: http://www.
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time  very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare!
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business  jobs will grow.
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen!
I love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers  taxpayers. Watch: http://45.wh.gov/tWHYU1&nbsp; #RAISEAct
Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcomehttp://
It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above  beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our COUNTRY,  OUR FREEDOM!
Small business owners are the DREAMERS  INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future! Read more and watch here: http://45.wh.gov/WDsEwH&nbsp;
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!
Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now. Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roar,watch!
Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!
A great day at the White House!
Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos!
If ObamaCare is hurting people,  it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies  why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal  Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines  more.
...they do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!
I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet...
I love reading about all of the geniuses who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal  Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
After seven years of talking Repeal  Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!
....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!
In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not, I want strong military  low oil prices. Witch Hunt!
We will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay: http://45.wh.gov/22R5jN&nbsp;
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!
...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American....
Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13 gang members. We will not rest until #MS13 is eradicated. #LESM
We will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police! #LESM Harrisburg, Pennsylvania  #FlashbackFriday #MS13
...Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills  budgets need 60 votes....
If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60...
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!
Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare!
It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES!
Today, we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria, VA.
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving @SteveScalise. #TeamScalise http://45.wh.gov/BGTGF3&nbsp;
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
...about then candidate Trump. Catherine Herridge @FoxNews. So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting.
One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information.....
Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down!
Wow, the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends ....the most powerful T.V. show in America.
Thank you Foxconn, for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeInTheUSA
Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks: http://45.wh.gov/c4pp6K&nbsp;
IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD!http://45.wh.gov/POTUSInsta&nbsp;
...big dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got....
....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....
After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow......
Senator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad!
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!
People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening!
It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown, Ohio this evening. A grateful nation salutes you!
Just arrived in Youngstown, Ohio with @FLOTUS Melania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@SenJohnMcCain-Thank you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans!
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live! http://45.wh.gov/73Tx7G&nbsp;
America's Labor Market Continues to Boom JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the time for action!
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big  exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump!
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.
ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal  Replace! I have pen in hand.
Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI  the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife!
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails  DNC server)  Intel leakers!
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - quietly working to boost Clinton. So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity
Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?
The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad.....
#2017Jambo- Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life    and LOVE  CHERISH your country!
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare!  Remarks: http://45.wh.gov/Nn9Wsz&nbsp;
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke, and @SecPriceMD.....https://www.pscp.tv/w/bET7MDEyMzE3NDF8MXlwS2Rsek9rT0xLV_x3_XnsKc_UJsJyrpNIioPSuUq_gF8aFXYM8CruZ4vf&nbsp;
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal  Replace after years of talking  campaigning on it.
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into Russia, spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes  Russia relations?
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia.
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!
Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.,reg cutting,Stock M, jobs,border etc. = TRUE!
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad!
It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President.
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!
To every PATRIOT who will serve on the #USSGeraldRFord: Keep the watch Protect her Defend her LOVE HER Good Luck  Godspeed!
American steel  American hands have constructed a 100,000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE! #USSGeraldRFord #USA
A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it    and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world. @USNavy #USSGeraldRFord
Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford! http://45.wh.gov/ZYAdgY&nbsp; #USA
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't think I was running!
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media  authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted ( acid washed) her 33,000 e-mails!
...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc.
So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted?
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford.  Norfolk, Va.
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey's, must stop!
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!
Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the @WhiteHouse. #HonorThem Remarks: http://45.wh.gov/4tYXA7&nbsp;
Manufacturers   record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @ShopFloorNAM: http://45.wh.gov/ZtRRMt&nbsp;
ICYMI- This week we hosted a #MadeInAmerica event, right here at the @WhiteHouse! If it is MADE IN AMERICA, it is the BEST! USA
Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTHthat is making AmericaFOUR TRILLION DOLLARSRICHER. -Stuart @VarneyCo
#MadeInAmerica http://45.wh.gov/9iiQxw&nbsp;
Billions of dollars in investments  thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning, Merck  Pfizer: http://45.wh.gov/jKxBRE&nbsp;
I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves, believe in your future, and believe, once more, in America. #AmericaFirst
Departing The Pentagon after meetings with @VP Pence, Secretary James Mattis, and our great teams. #MAGA
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon.https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/07/19/statement-president-donald-j-trump&nbsp;
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is,  it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is sick. All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy!
With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House  Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct, no votes!
As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific  worked really hard. We will return!
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now  work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
Heading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!
Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 @USGA #USWomensOpen
I am at the @USGA  #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. Congratulations!
The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!
With all of its phony unnamed sources  highly slanted  even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.
Thank you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool!
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate  delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?
The women played great today at the @USGA #USWomensOpen I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round!
Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress
Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today!
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers!
I will be at the @USGA #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected  the women are playing great-should be very exciting!
Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation thanks you!
President @EmmanuelMacron, Thank you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France. #BastilleDay #14juillet
Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the #USWomensOpen, their most important tournament, this afternoon.
Great conversations with President @EmmanuelMacron and his representatives on trade, military and security.
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice, France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror.
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations President @EmmanuelMacron!
.@VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!
So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of @SenateMajLdr McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care disaster, must happen!
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!
Great evening with President @EmmanuelMacron  Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever.
Great bilateral meetings at lyse Palace w/ President @EmmanuelMacron. The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable.
President @EmmanuelMacron, Thank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today!
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @USEmbassyFrance, members of the U.S. Military and their families.
Just landed in Paris, France with @FLOTUS Melania.
Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border  save lives. Now the full House  Senate must act! http://45.wh.gov/5L8g1q&nbsp;
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA
Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate  honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI.
After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture.http://www.
The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform  many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
.@WashTimes states Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump.
ISIS is on the run  will soon be wiped out of Syria  Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%)  MS 13 gangs are being removed.
Remember, when you hear the words sources say from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist.
My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!
My son, Donald, will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country!
Big wins against ISIS!
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They  can't win so all they do is slow things down  obstruct!
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can, did!
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!
For years, even as a civilian, I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian  Syrian problems are solved!
...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA  FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don't....
Putin  I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking,  many other negative things, will be guarded..
...We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!
Thank you @SenatorDole, very kind!
Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D.C. and the WH. Just left China  s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade  North Korea.
Law enforcement  military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @PolizeiHamburg #G20Summit
The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!
We will fight the #FakeNews with you!
Great first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg, Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA
Thank you!     Trump  s Defining Speech    WSJ Editorial: http://45.wh.gov/gSYLnz&nbsp;
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA!
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss. #G20Summit #USA
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinz Abe of Japan  President Moon of South Korea.
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech!
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe, and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West, and to the world.
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH!
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. #POTUSinPoland
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you Poland! #ICYMI, watch here http://45.wh.gov/TphMP6&nbsp; #POTUSinPoland
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you! https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/07/05/statement-president-donald-j-trump-united-states-secret-service-152nd&nbsp;
Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
#HappyIndependenceDay #USA
Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!
North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea.....
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
Really great numbers on jobs  the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel  aluminum dumping!
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews.
If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so.
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border  so much else!
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
America's men  women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION, the STRONG protecting the WEAK,  GOOD defeating EVIL! USA
Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE! #AmericaFirst
#FraudNewsCNN #FNN
We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood, poured your love, and bared your soul, in defense of our country.
My use of social media is not Presidential - it  s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!
I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!
....the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN!
The FAKE  FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember, I won....
Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelical friends. See you soon!
Weekly Address #KatesLaw #NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct Statement: http://45.wh.gov/htqSZH&nbsp;
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!
I am extremely pleased to see that @CNN has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time!
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?
Word is that @Greta Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @NBC  @Comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!'
Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend @JustinTrudeau. #Canada150
America will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American space leadership!
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely with....
I am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers, businesses,  automakers.
Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!
When it comes to the future of America  s energy needs, we will FIND IT, we will DREAM IT, and we will BUILD IT. #EnergyWeek
Statement on House Passage of Kate  s Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.http://45.wh.gov/PdWCQa&nbsp;
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow.
Good news, House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow.
Mattis Says Trump  s Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syriahttp://
Join me LIVE with @VP, @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke and @EPAScottPruitt.  #UnleashingAmericanEnergyhttp://45.wh.gov/LuJCmH&nbsp;
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!  #NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct  #KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives
Today, the House votes on two crucial bills: #NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct  #KatesLaw  Pass these bills  lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN
...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.
Tomorrow the House votes on #KatesLaw  No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety first! #SaveAmericanLives
From my first day in office, we  ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks: http://45.wh.gov/3gNz79&nbsp;
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up.
Today, I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more: http://45.wh.gov/c29Hgn&nbsp;
It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago @Cubs  to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. Congratulations!
#ICYMI- on Monday, I had the great honor of welcoming India's Prime Minister @narendramodi to the WH. Full Remarks: http://45.wh.gov/9BuVYJ&nbsp;
The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well  want victory for U.S.
The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare!
With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard!
So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS  ABC? What about the failing @nytimes  @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News!
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!
Wow, CNN had to retract big story on Russia, with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
Great day for America's future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people,  WIN!
From @FoxNews Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election.  Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!
Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash  burn!
..under a magnifying glass, they have zero tapes of T people colluding. There is no collusion  no obstruction. I should be given apology!
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia...
...and did not want to rock the boat. He didn't choke, he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!
Obama Administration official said they choked when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums  deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan?
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
WEEKLY ADDRESS
Today, it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #VAaccountability Act into law, delivering my campaign promise to our #AmericanHeroes!
I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!
Will be on @foxandfriends. Enjoy!
.@FLOTUS  I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening  tradition. @MarineBand:
We're all thinking of you @SteveScalise! #TeamScalise
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst
I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead.
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
As promised, our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues.   @ICEgov Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operationhttp://45.wh.gov/KcQ99a&nbsp;
...whether there are tapes or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings.
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea...
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!
...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX!
By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump  Russia.
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!
Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY!
Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesn't work!
Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!
Thank you @FoxNews Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election.
Things are looking great for Karen H!
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence. http://45.wh.gov/zfnsbA&nbsp;
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi  China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!
The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video:
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY
Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district.
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct, no ideas. Vote R
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement: https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/06/19/statement-president-donald-j-trump-passing-otto-warmbier&nbsp;
It was my great honor to welcome President @JC_Varela  Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon. http://45.wh.gov/3pbEFq&nbsp;
....because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.
Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
....getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!
Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and....
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @USNavy sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families. http://www.navy.mil/submit/display.asp?story_id=101102&nbsp;
The Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H
Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s!
...massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,..
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for their assistance.
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba Memorandumhttp://45.wh.gov/of9ceK&nbsp;
Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards Cuba Video: http://45.wh.gov/1SEWqn&nbsp; Transcript: http://45.wh.gov/Cp1AFq&nbsp;
Great news! #MAGA
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic  jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up!
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them
After 7 months of investigations  committee hearings about my collusion with the Russians,  nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!
#CongressionalBaseballGame
Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek at @WCTC w/ @IvankaTrump  @GovWalker.  Remarks: http://45.wh.gov/BXYooL&nbsp;
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails,  had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared-  they talk about obstruction?
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGA
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!
Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices,  dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people!
The passage of the @DeptVetAffairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I look forward to signing it!
Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer = resist!
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.
Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!
Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C.
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!
Congratulations to the 2016 @ClemsonFB Tigers! Full ceremony: http://45.wh.gov/GwaHfE&nbsp; #NationalChampions
Finally held our first full @Cabinet meeting today. With this great team, we can restore American prosperity and bring real change to D.C.
Congratulations!   'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania'http://
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting. #OrlandoUnitedDay
Ivanka on @foxandfriends now!
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills  regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in!
My daughter, Ivanka, will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
The Democrats have no message,  not on economics, not on taxes,  not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'
...way up. Regulations way down. 600,000+ new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3%. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!
The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16%. #NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling  energy sector...
America is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put #AmericaFirst! #InfrastructureWeek http://45.wh.gov/4c9KRY&nbsp;
Time to start building in our country, with American workers  with American iron, aluminum  steel. It is time to put #AmericaFirst
It is time to rebuild OUR country, to bring back OUR jobs, to restore OUR dreams,  yes, to put #AmericaFirst! TY Ohio! #InfrastructureWeek
A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the @WhiteHouse Infrastructure Summit. #InfrastructureWeek
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling  Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!
Great reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others. Thank you!
Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare  also Infrastructure!
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can  t tolerate substandard care for our vets.
#ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative   Watch
Great meeting with @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP leaders, including @SpeakerRyan, @SenateMajLdr, @GOPLeader, @JohnCornyn  @SteveScalise. #USA
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay #Heroes
...extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding...
Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!
That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!
Today, I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally! http://45.wh.gov/pmRJsy&nbsp;
.@SecShulkin's decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best!  http://45.wh.gov/tnGqdu&nbsp;
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his no reason to be alarmed statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!
.@foxandfriends  Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court -  seek much tougher version!
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.
People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is no reason to be alarmed!
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
#WeeklyAddress
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field. #AmericaFirst http://45.wh.gov/hFPD8j&nbsp;
Join me live at the @WhiteHouse.  http://45.wh.gov/hFPD8j&nbsp;
The big story is the unmasking and surveillance of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M.  The White House Rose Garden.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook  even Dems  DNC.
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguyen Xun Phac to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon.
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships. See more at: http://45.wh.gov/tnmVr7&nbsp;
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal  replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!
...case against him  now wants to clear his name by showing the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan... Witch Hunt!
So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their....
Who can figure out the true meaning of covfefe ???  Enjoy!
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S.  how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO  military. Very bad for U.S. This will change
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families  God bless the USA!
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard!
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging  demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems  Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names....
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.
Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
I look forward to reading the @CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary.
....we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field.
Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where....
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism. #G7Taormina
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening, President Sergio Mattarella. #G7Taormina
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront  defeat this evilhttp://45.wh.gov/ard1ny&nbsp;
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security.
Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.
Just arrived in Taormina with @FLOTUS Melania.  #G7Summit #USA
Thank you for your support. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #POTUSAbroad #USA
Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve. #NATOMeeting #NATO
Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels, Belgium this afternoon!
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEACE in our world.
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican  Pope, then #G7 and #NATO.
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi.
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom.
Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi- on behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for the invitation to join you today!
#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad
Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit https://www.
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen  women who have served, and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES! #ArmedForcesDay
Great to be in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad
#WeeklyAddress http://45.wh.gov/3Kq9Fe&nbsp;
Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #PoliceWeek Proclamationhttp://45.wh.gov/sLr2xt&nbsp; #ThankACop #LESM
A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today! Joint Press Confhttp://45.wh.gov/C7xivQ&nbsp;
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign  Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
It was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at the @USCGAcademy. CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017! http://45.wh.gov/bbR882&nbsp;
It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, to the @WhiteHouse today!
'U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April'https://www.
I have been asking Director Comey  others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community.....
...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS  terrorism.
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining....
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and #PoliceWeek Proclamation: https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/05/15/president-donald-j-trump-proclaims-may-15-2017-peace-officers-memorial&nbsp;
Today, I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service.  #NationalPoliceWeek Watch: http://45.wh.gov/bLxeyb&nbsp;
Wishing @FLOTUS Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends!   Happy #MothersDay
I was thrilled to be back @LibertyU. Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day, and you've earned it. http://45.wh.gov/yC4dRy&nbsp;
Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy!
#WeeklyAddress http://45.wh.gov/GrYott&nbsp;
Today, I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch: http://45.wh.gov/Bvi5d1&nbsp;
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news!
When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end?
James Comey better hope that there are no tapes of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future press briefings and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!....
The Fake Media is working overtime today!
Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians  Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
Yesterday, on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine, Pavlo Klimkin. #LetsMakePeace!
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
We finally agree on something Rosie.
'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity' http://45.wh.gov/g3PRF1&nbsp;
'Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure' http://45.wh.gov/fd42sg&nbsp;
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace! #DrainTheSwamp
Dems have been complaining for months  months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
The Roger Stone report on @CNN is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.
caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge  jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. Richie devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer. Then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp
'Manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'http://www.
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers! #NationalTeachersDay
Biggest story today between Clapper  Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is no evidence of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence.
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
Congratulations to @PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia  why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!
Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
#WeeklyAddress
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare!
An honor to welcome PM of Australia, @TurnbullMalcolm to America  join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the Battle of the Coral Sea.
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal  replace of ObamaCare. Make no mistake about it.
If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums  deductibles - and be great healthcare!
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan  premiums will go down ObamaCare lie.
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer, LIVE: http://45.wh.gov/VJAg7f&nbsp;
Death spiral! 'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year'http://www.
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike.
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!
Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....
It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by @VP Pence and @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVosED at the @WhiteHouse today.
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy, the great Air Force Falcons!  Watch: http://45.wh.gov/g7r7ei&nbsp;
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good shutdown in September to fix mess!
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....
President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!
#ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs  wealth in our country. EO1: http://45.wh.gov/kePKzK&nbsp;  EO2: http://45.wh.gov/foum7U&nbsp;
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans  Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation.https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/04/28/president-donald-j-trump-proclaims-may-2017-asian-american-and-pacific&nbsp;  aa6
...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums  deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New
The Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S.
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders  great optimism!
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy!
.@LouDobbs just stated that President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history  Thank you Lou!
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China  its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!
I will be interviewed by @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. We love our VETS!
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the @DeptVetAffairs: http://45.wh.gov/GSrvb2&nbsp;
Presidential Memorandum for the @CommerceGov, @SecretaryRoss re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security: http://45.wh.gov/rGqJES&nbsp;
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President @MauricioMacri and First Lady Juliana Awada to the @WhiteHouse today
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
Democrats used to support border security    now they want illegals to pour through our borders.
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
A great great honor to welcome  recognize the National Teacher of the Year, as well as the Teacher of the Year from each State  territory!
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO: http://45.wh.gov/hpoJya&nbsp;
Today, I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept. of @Interior: 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act' http://45.wh.gov/sEyoN8&nbsp;
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our @FLOTUS, Melania!  http://45.wh.gov/9zVkh6&nbsp;
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
...the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this judge shopping! Messy system.
Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the ban case and now the sanctuary case is brought in ...
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban  now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America' Executive Order: http://45.wh.gov/UDWud3&nbsp;
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance.  Full remarks: http://45.wh.gov/JNe7BJ&nbsp;
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!
Proud of @IvankaTrump for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20!https://www.
Today, I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation: https://www.
If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
Join me in congratulating @NASA's @AstroPeggy by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today: http://45.wh.gov/YBZbAo&nbsp;
....the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be! #BuildTheWall
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If
The two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC  NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch!
...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me  53% said strong leader.
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....
Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.
The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
Thank you Lake Worth, Florida. @foxandfriends
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!
Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
After 5 SB victories since 2002, it was my honor to give Bob Kraft, Coach Belichick, and the players their first tour of the WH Residence.
'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens'  Executive Order: http://45.wh.gov/HirRFJ&nbsp;
WELCOME HOME, AYA! #GodBlessTheUSA
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they will
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days,  it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference: http://45.wh.gov/32jE1S&nbsp;
We're going to use American steel, we're going to use American labor, we are going to come first in all deals. http://45.wh.gov/7xvM2D&nbsp;
Failing @nytimes, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.
A great honor to host the @SuperBowl Champion New England @Patriots at the White House today. Congratulations! https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/04/19/remarks-president-trump-welcoming-super-bowl-li-champions-new-england&nbsp;
Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension  Improvement Act @ the @WhiteHouse. #S544  Watchhttp://45.wh.gov/7x5n53&nbsp;
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.
Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG R win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican Watchhttp://45.wh.gov/npcpYM&nbsp;
Just learned that Jon @Ossoff, who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote!
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime  2nd A.
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote R for lower taxes  safety!
See you tomorrow Wisconsin!  'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area'http://www.
TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50% http://
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
A great book for your reading enjoyment: REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS by Michael J. Knowles.
The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy! So true. @foxandfriends
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
Happy Easter to everyone!
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
Weekly Address- http://45.wh.gov/yaWaiv&nbsp;
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon!
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses  there will be lasting peace!
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will! U.S.A.
Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share  focus on the threat of terrorism.
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily  predicted victory!
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 A.M. @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!
Great Strategic  Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States. #AmericaFirst
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare  Tax Cuts (Reform).
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameach
Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for America! #SCOTUS
Thank you @USNavy! #USA
...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack.
...goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade.
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the @WWP #SoldierRideDC at the @WhiteHouse today with @FLOTUS, @VP and @SecondLady. #USA
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship  to strengthening America's long-standing support for Jordan. @KingAbdullahII.
Great to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit  optimism - we will deliver!http://
Thank you Sean McGarvey  the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #NABTU2017 http://45.WH.Gov/pqxHvm&nbsp;
.@WhiteHouse #CEOTownHall http://45.WH.Gov/iQXunx&nbsp;
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse as we renew the historic partnership between the U.S. and Egypt.
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project (@WWP) Soldier Ride to the @WhiteHouse on Thursday!
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
.@FoxNews from multiple sources: There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented. @FBI
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. Spied on before nomination. The real story.
Melania and I are honored to light up the @WhiteHouse this evening, for  #WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us  #LIUB. http://45.wh.gov/TE8ak1&nbsp;
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal  Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
Thank you @JCLayfield -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst
..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated. If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.
Wow, @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source: Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked....
...use subsidies to buy health plans. In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems.
The failing @nytimes finally gets it - In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is no path to victory for Trump that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?
We are going to defend our industry  create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put #AmericaFirst  #MAGA!
'Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years' http://45.wh.gov/o6bLge&nbsp;
It is an exciting time for our country! #WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch
#ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today, former Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice! #USA
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark, Lars Loekke Rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @WhiteHouse yesterday!
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media  Dems, of historic proportion!
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...
Where are @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador? #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare
If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts  reform.
Great op-ed from @RepKenBuck. Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare.http://
The failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws?http://
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team,  fast. We must fight them,  Dems, in 2018!
Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day. #ThankAVeteran https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/03/28/president-donald-j-trump-signs-s-305-law&nbsp;
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment  Panel this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse. http://45.wh.gov/5v2Pc1&nbsp;
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening sessionhttps://youtu.be/e27pzcJdD8E&nbsp;
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?
A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY!  #MadeInTheUSA Watch here: https://youtu.be/OdkThe_O50M&nbsp;
It was an honor to welcome @GLFOP to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence  Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU for all you do 24/7/365!
The failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest!http://
Watch @foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia!
Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S.  JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very  good shape!
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!
...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian reset, praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill  Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech....
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00 P.M.
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!
Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes! https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/03/24/remarks-president-meeting-medal-honor-recipients&nbsp;
Today, I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION  20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU Charter Communications!
Today, I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A great day for American jobs!
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums  deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!
Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood  Ocare!
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @WhiteHouse today!
We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep  tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill  http://45.wh.gov/Rame8F&nbsp;
A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!
Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.
Big day for healthcare. Working hard!
Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation, we support @NASA's scientists, engineers, and astronauts in their pursuit of discovery!
Today on #NationalAgDay, we honor our great American farmers  ranchers. Their hard work  dedication are ingrained in our nation's fabric.
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Joined the @HouseGOP Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol. http://PassTheBill.GOP&nbsp; #PassTheBill #MAGA
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky- on my way! #MAGA
Congratulations Eric  Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you!
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College  lost!
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
#ICYMI: Weekly Address  http://45.wh.gov/Jjp2ki&nbsp;
...vast sums of money to NATO  the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes.....
Great meeting with the @RepublicanStudy Committee this morning at the @WhiteHouse!
The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Confidence
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been playing the United States for years. China has done little to help!
Happy L Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!
My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth  future mtgs!
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland, @EndaKennyTD to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence.
A budget that puts #AmericaFirst must make safety its no. 1 priority  without safety there can be no prosperity: http://45.wh.gov/NF9wr4&nbsp;
Thank you Nashville, Tennessee!
In Nashville, Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Andrew Jackson! #POTUS7 #USA
I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!
Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State  U.S. Already happening!
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, went to his mailbox and found my tax returns? @NBCNews  FAKE NEWS!
Great optimism in America    and the results will be even better!https://www.
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Meeting w/ Washington, D.C. @MayorBowser and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here in D.C. Everyone be safe!
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because Senate Dems are delaying!
Healthcare listening session w/ @VP  @SecPriceMD. Watch: http://45.wh.gov/wmwewc&nbsp; #ReadTheBill: http://housegop.leadpages.co/healthcare/&nbsp; #RepealAndReplace
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!
Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the @WhiteHouse! #MAGA http://45.wh.gov/hcdvxr&nbsp;
'U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade' https://www.
Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to #MAGA!
Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!
LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015
On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America  around the world.
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!
Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2  3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriends
For eight years Russia ran over President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! @foxandfriends
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!
122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!
Thank you to @exxonmobil for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing  construction jobs in the USA!
Buy American  hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now  we're bringing back the JOBS!
45,000 construction  manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!
'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program'https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/03/06/president-trump-congratulates-exxon-mobil-job-creating-investment&nbsp;
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility? @foxandfriends
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!
Is it legal for a sitting President to be wire tapping a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my wires tapped in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it.http://www.
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando.
We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite!
Weekly Address Join me here: http://45.wh.gov/zPTKbq&nbsp;
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.
Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! @foxandfriends
...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total witch hunt!
...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story...
...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....
Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not....
Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!
THANK YOU!
#JointSession #MAGA
Join me live at 9:00 P.M.  #JointAddress http://45.wh.gov/eXTTGS&nbsp;
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh:https://www.
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American people.
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare.
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately  fairly!
The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally rigged. Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!
Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse: http://45.wh.gov/Z6FYHt&nbsp;
Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax  regulation cuts coming!
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human traffickinghttp://bigstory.ap.org/article/9517fb5ec44e4e93a275cc0722abd6a1/trump-vows-fight-epidemic-human-trafficking&nbsp;
Going to CPAC!
find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security leakers that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even......
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!
'SP 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge' http://www.
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities'http://
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor, General H.R. McMaster. Video: https://www.
Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!
My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants  Sweden.
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about!
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!
One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen! says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! Dishonest
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!
Join me at 11:00am: Watch here: http://45.wh.gov/XYQXNw&nbsp;
General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!
Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule'http://
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and sources, is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner  husband of @liliantintori (just met w/ @marcorubio) out of prison immediately.
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplacehttps://www.
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport! Tickets: http://bit.ly/2lQarqaFLORIDA&nbsp;
Welcome to the United States, @IsraeliPM Benjamin  Sara! #ICYMIJoint Press Conference:  https://www.
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning!
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by intelligence like candy. Very un-American!
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - The NSA  FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is Very serious situation for USA
Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes  @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC  @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!
Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace  save healthcare for ALL Americans.
'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41' https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/02/14/remarks-president-trump-signing-hj-resolution-41&nbsp;
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with @VP Pence  @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVos. Watch: https://www.
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?
Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect our country!
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI- watch here: https://www.
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau and a group of leading CEO's  business women from Canadaand the United States
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau!
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce.http://bigstory.ap.org/article/37dab25b8da74902b3fa4076030febe0/trump-trudeau-discuss-women-workforce&nbsp;
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!
After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L
While on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA  YEMEN
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers  others are being removed!
#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea.
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!
Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States!  https://www.
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!
...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!
I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the.....
Our legal system is broken! 77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries. (WT)  SO DANGEROUS!
Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinz earlier today.
The failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14. We spoke at length yesterday!
LAWFARE: Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute. A disgraceful decision!
SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions! LIVE: http://bit.ly/2kqq2f0Sessions&nbsp;
..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a failure. Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!
...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..
Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....
Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave service in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!
Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?
Congratulations to our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions!
'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'http://bit.ly/2k4b0imEmersonPoll&nbsp;
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban'  Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...http://bit.ly/2k4fvqgEUPoll&nbsp;
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far'
Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!
'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won'http://
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs  Sheriffs for your leadership  service. You have a true friend in the @WhiteHouse. We support you!
I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at the @WhiteHouse. Incredible men  women who protect  serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU!!
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!
The failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories  sources!
I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!
Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!
Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!
Just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!
Interview with @oreillyfactor on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!
Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?
Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost!
The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death  destruction!
When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in  out, especially for reasons of safety .security - big trouble!
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!
We must keep evil out of our country!
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.
Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!
Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how kind President Obama was to them. Not me!
Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!
Thank you, @Samsung! We would love to have you!https://www.
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!
Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!
If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse. https://www.
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M.
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally  at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.
The American dream is back. We  re going to create an environment for small business like we haven  t had in many, many decades!
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)
If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the bad would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad dudes out there!
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,.....
I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: https://www.
...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain  Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!
Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later. #NeverForget
...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST
Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....
The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you!
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day:https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/01/27/statement-president-international-holocaust-remembrance-day&nbsp;
.@VP Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full support!
The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits  little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong!http://www.
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!
Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/ @VP, @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan. Thank you for your support!
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!
@romoabcnews: .@DavidMuir first @POTUS interview since taking office.  Tonight on @ABCWorldNews @ABC2020 tonight.
As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people.
Beginning today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today @DHSgov: http://bit.ly/2jSZomhDHS&nbsp;
I will be interviewed by @DavidMuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @ABC. Will be my first interview from the White House. Enjoy!
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!
even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible carnage going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!
Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN - public is smart!
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the @WhiteHouse today.
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Office.
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @WhiteHouse this morning. Together, we will #MAGA!
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas!
Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
TO ALL AMERICANS https://www.
So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain...https://www.
It is time to remember that...https://www.
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN  HIRE AMERICAN! #InaugurationDay #MAGA
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, it  s going to be #AmericaFirst
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.
power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDay
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another    but we are transferring...
It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. #Inauguration
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family! #Inauguration2017
Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!
On my way! #Inauguration2017
the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..
It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time! Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C. #Heroes https://www.
Great seeing @TheLeeGreenwood  and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday. #Inauguration
.@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string... @WSJ
to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!
Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed  others that jobs are coming back...
Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!
How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed Ithttp://www.
thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president. Sound familiar! WP
John Lewis said about my inauguration, It will be the first one that I've missed. WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing big stuff.
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....
The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!
@drgoodspine: @realDonaldTrump @Ivanka Trump is great, a woman with real character and class.
At 9:00 P.M. @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great!
@levisteveholt: @realDonaldTrump I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency. Very dishonest media!
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
.@FoxNews Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand. Oh really, couldn't do...
.@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!
about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here,  when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE. Media should also apologize
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)...
For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number..
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS A COMPLETE FRAUD!  @OANN
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.
The Unaffordable Care Act will soon be history!
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....
released by Intelligence even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House! &ndash;  Trump Tower
.@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaine
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!
@zhu_amy3: @realDonaldTrump It's Morning in America again!!!  Thank you President-Elect Donald Trump!!! So proud of you!!!! THANKS!
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to leak into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
I win an election easily, a great movement is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE. Very unfair!
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNewshttp://www.
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High' http://bit.ly/2j5gad2FOXBusiness&nbsp;
'Small business optimism soars after Trump election'http://www.
'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'https://www.
Thank you to all of the men and women who protect  serve our communities 24/7/365!  #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay  https://www.
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan.
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford  Fiat C!
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after...
groveling when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!
Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never mocked a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him.......
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to @NBCNews. So serious!
Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!
@FoxNews: We certainly don  t want intelligence interfering with politics and we don  t want politics interfe
@KellyannePolls: Welcome to President and Mrs. Bush.   http://
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter  star
both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only stupid people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We.....
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
Happy Birthday @EricTrump! https://www.
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast  Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich  Hillary
Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got swamped (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for....
Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
How did NBC get an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented? Who gave them this report and why? Politics!
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.
to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against Intelligence when in fact I am a big fan!
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people....
...time for Republicans  Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive  FAR BETTER!
...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning.Keep you doctor, keep your plan! It is....
The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they..
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the Movement
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......
things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass.
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have hacking defense like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
@FoxNews: Julian Assange on U.S. media coverage:   It  s very dishonest.   #Hannity
Julian Assange said a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
The Intelligence briefing on so-called Russian hacking was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.
Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised Americahttp://
There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION  JOB CREATION.
@DanScavino: Ford to scrap Mexico plant, invest in Michigan due to Trump policieshttp://www.
........may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS
With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable! - And, it is lousy healthcare.
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it CRAZY
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!
China has been taking out massive amounts of money  wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!
I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....
@CNN just released a book called Unprecedented which explores the 2016 race  victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!
Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
TO ALL AMERICANS- #HappyNewYear  many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful  prosperous 2017 as we work together to #MAGA
Happy Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr!
Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!
Russians are playing @CNN and @NBCNews for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue! @FoxNews totally gets it!
Join @AmerIcan32, founded by Hall of Fame legend @JimBrownNFL32 on 1/19/2017 in Washington, D.C. http://www.amer-i-can.org&nbsp;
Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!
My Administration will follow two simple rules:
'Economists say Trump delivered hope'http://www.
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but.......
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report!
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.
Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!
#MerryChristmas
Happy #Hanukkah
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!
.@NBCNews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.  Dishonest!
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity.  So true!
slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will......
As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th.
my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!
My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with...
The so-called A list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase DRAIN THE SWAMP was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS.
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont: https://www.
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult  sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!
especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He doesn't know much ...
@mike_pence: Congratulations to @RealDonaldTrump; officially elected President of the United States today by the Electoral College!
@Franklin_Graham: Congratulations to President-elect @realDonaldTrump--the electoral votes are in and it's official. Thank you Franklin!
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned  called terrible names!
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
Thank you Alabama! From now on, it  s going to be #AmericaFirst. Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase: #MadeInTheUSA!
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!
@EazyMF_E: @realDonaldTrump Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Thank you!
Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch: https://www.
#ThankYouTour2016   Tonight- Orlando, Florida  Tickets: http://bit.ly/2gpz8goFLORIDA&nbsp;  Tomorrow- Mobile, Alabama Tickets: http://bit.ly/2gpwhwcALABAMA&nbsp;
Well, we all did it, together! I hope the MOVEMENT fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here: https://www.
Join me in Mobile, Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016  Tickets: http://bit.ly/2gpwhwcALABAMA&nbsp;
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me Person of the Year - a great honor!
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!
.@BillGates and @JimBrownNFL32 in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys!
Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs, jobs, jobs! Watch: http://bit.ly/2gJ2K4pWisconsinLive&nbsp;
Join me this Saturday at Ladd  Peebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama!  #ThankYouTour2016   Tickets: http://bit.ly/2gpwhwcALABAMA&nbsp;
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State.
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!
Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
#ThankYouTour2016   Tue: West Allis, WI.   Thur: Hershey, PA.   Fri: Orlando, FL.   Sat: Mobile, AL.   Tickets: https://www.
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
Unless you catch hackers in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although @CNN is right up there!
Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Whether I choose him or not for State- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman  CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace @FoxNewsSunday!https://vine.co/v/e9vHVIMn5Al&nbsp;
A very interesting read. Unfortunately, so much is true.https://www.
Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous  untrue - FAKE NEWS!
As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B  have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
.@RudyGiuliani, one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for State.
Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs  together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch: http://bit.ly/2guG3krMICHIGAN&nbsp;
Thank you Louisiana! Get out  vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behalf of the people.
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls  send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate. https://www.
THANK YOU IOWA! #ThankYouTour2016
Join me tomorrow! #MAGA  10am- Baton Rouge, LA.  Tickets: http://bit.ly/2haqQ9dLouisiana&nbsp;   7pm- Grand Rapids, MI. Tickets: http://bit.ly/2gZJwzuMichigan&nbsp;
On my way to Des Moines, Iowa- will see you soon with @mike_pence. Join us! Tickets: http://bit.ly/2gZHk4dIowa&nbsp; #ThankYouTour2016
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues
Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines, Iowa with Vice President-Elect @mike_pence - at 7:00pm! #ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA http://bit.ly/2gZHk4dIowa&nbsp;
We pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago... https://www.
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!
A great night in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here: http://bit.ly/2giIk1rFAYETTEVILLE&nbsp;
Departing New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina! See you soon! #ThankYouTour2016
Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....
Join me tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina at 7pm!  #ThankYouTour2016  Tickets: http://bit.ly/2gZxU8oNorthCarolina&nbsp;
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
#ThankYouTour2016   12/6- North Carolina http://bit.ly/2gZxU8oNorthCarolina&nbsp;    12/8- Iowa http://bit.ly/2gZHk4dIowa&nbsp;  12/9- Michigan http://bit.ly/2gZJwzuMichigan&nbsp;
If the press would cover me accurately  honorably, I would have far less reason to tweet. Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!
I am thrilled to nominate Dr. @RealBenCarson as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development: https://www.
their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into..
.@FoxNews will be re-running Objectified: Donald Trump, the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...
wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but.....
without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......
fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  ......
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad
Our great VPE, @mike_pence, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
@TigerWoods: Can  t wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys.   TW #heroworldchallenge Great to have you back Tiger - Special!
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
Thank you Ohio! Together, we made history    and now, the real work begins. America will start winning again! #AmericaFirst
Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio for a 7pm rally.  Join me! Tickets: https://www.
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class'http://
'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross  Todd Ricketts' https://www.
Join me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU! Tickets: https://www.
Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!
do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation' http://bit.ly/2gDBBRgTransportation&nbsp;
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.' http://bit.ly/2fIWEgpTeamTrump&nbsp;
My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
I thought that @CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!
.@CNN is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do.
@sdcritic:  @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN There is NO QUESTION THAT #voterfraud did take place, and in favor of #CorruptHillary !
@FiIibuster: @jeffzeleny Pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that Donald Trump did not suffer from voter fraud, shame! Bad reporter.
@JoeBowman12: @jeffzeleny just another generic CNN part time wannabe journalist !  @CNN still doesn't get it. They will never learn!
@HighonHillcrest: @jeffzeleny what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump did not suffer from millions of FRAUD votes? Journalist? Do your job! @CNN
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal.
Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead. So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy. She then said, We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --
of position. Then, separately she stated, He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --
during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
Hillary's debate answer on delay: That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated  demoralized Dems
Fidel Castro is dead!
I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Thanksgiving.
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad  so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!
The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!
'Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General'http://www.
'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise' http://bit.ly/2gghLjvPOMPEO&nbsp;
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.
The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
.@transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days.
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
General James Mad Dog Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!
I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA
Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,
The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.
I am not trying to get top level security clearance for my children. This was a typically false news story.
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!
I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons. How dishonest are they. I never said this!
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!
Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the Trump phenomena
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!!
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Watching the returns at 9:45pm.  #ElectionNight #MAGA
Still time to #VoteTrump!  #iVoted #ElectionNight
Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
Just out according to @CNN: Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
#ElectionDay http://vote.gop&nbsp;
We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location: https://vote.gop&nbsp; #ElectionDay #VoteTrump
VOTE TODAY! Go to http://vote.gop&nbsp; to find your polling location. We are going to Make America Great Again! #VoteTrump #ElectionDay
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI! https://www.
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids, Michigan now.  Watch NH rally here: http://bit.ly/2fzummrNewHampshire&nbsp;
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon. &ndash;  Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport (AVP)
Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: https://www.
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here: https://www.
LIVE on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out  VOTE tomorrow. LETS #MAGA!!https://www.pscp.tv/w/au-0MDEyMzE3NDF8MXlvS01EQmFNYmx4UXtaU1dFdbs2hR83RLldPOOt9N_C3W-1tUxAlJep-jBY&nbsp;
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary  @koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare  amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL @EricGreitens!
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider'http://www.
'What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him'http://
'Why Trump'http://www.
I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and http://VOTE.GOP&nbsp; tomorrow! Watch: https://www.
On my way!
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Starting tomorrow it's going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota, Florida! Watch here: https://www.
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI: https://www.
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA http://VOTE.GOP&nbsp;
Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watch: https://www.
Our American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE  GREAT again for everyone! Watch: https://www.
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp  #MAGA!  #ICYMI- watch: https://www.
MONDAY - 11/7/2016  Scranton, Pennsylvania at 5:30pm. https://www.
Thank you Iowa - Get out  #VoteTrumpPence16!  http://VOTE.GOP&nbsp;
Van Jones:   There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall      It Has to Do With Trade:http://www.
Great night in Denver, Colorado- thank you! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  #ICYMI watch rally here: https://www.
Thank you Reno, Nevada.  NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst https://www.
Join me live in Reno, Nevada! http://bit.ly/2fcz3wnRENO&nbsp;
JOIN ME TOMORROW! MINNESOTA    2pm https://www.
#DrainTheSwamp! http://
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign   All Tactics,   No Vision:http://www.
  Must Act Immediately  : Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Lawhttp://
Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on #WattersWorld with @jessebwatters @FoxNews.
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE you've been waiting for your entire life! #MAGA #VoteTrumpPence16!
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa, Florida! #ICYMI- watch here: https://www.
Join me in Denver, Colorado tonight at 9:30pm: https://www.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Hershey, Pennsylvania. Get out  VOTE on November 8th  we will #MAGA! #RallyForRiley  #ICYMI, watch here: http://bit.ly/2fMJnrmHersheyPA&nbsp;
Join me in Denver, Colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm! Tickets: https://www.
Join me live in Hershey, Pennsylvania!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  LIVE: http://bit.ly/2fMJnrmHersheyPA&nbsp;
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch: https://www.
Join me live in Wilmington, Ohio! https://www.
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!
'ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS, CARTELS  DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE' https://www.
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal alienssave American lives! Watch http://bit.ly/2embjxvNH&nbsp;
Clinton Aides:   Definitely   Not Releasing Some HRC Emails:http://
The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice #DrainTheSwamphttp://www.
Join me today in Wilmington, Ohio at 4pm: https://www.
There is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma, North Carolina! #ICYMI, watch here: https://www.
Join me in Wilmington, Ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Tickets: https://www.
#CrookedHillary is unfit to serve.
Thank you Concord, North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th, we are going to Washington, D.C. and we are going to #DrainTheSwamp!
Watching my beautiful wife, Melania, speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud.
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs  fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!  #ImWithYou #DrainTheSwamphttp://www.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #6Days
Thank you Orlando, Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and child in this country!
After decades of lies and scandal, Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp!
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election:http://
It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do.  #DrainTheSwamp!http://www.
Thank you Miami! In 6 days, we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White House! #VOTE!
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
@PYNance: Evangelical women live at #trumptower @pdpryor1 @CissieGLynch @SaysGabrielle
@Ravenrantz: #Billygraham's grand daughter #SupportsTrump
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me in Florida tomorrow!  MIAMI  12pm https://www.
Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor @ScottWalker! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp  #MAGA! https://www.
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails.  Time to #DrainTheSwamp!http://www.
'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged'http://
Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea   There  s Something There' http://
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats:http://
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare:http://www.
'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman:http://www.
.@DarrellIssa is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
#ICYMI: Governor @mike_pence and I were in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here: https://www.
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!
JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA!  MIAMI  12pm https://www.
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
Wow, now leading in @ABC /@washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Wow! I hear you Warren, Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP! Watch: https://www.
#ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail
Thank you Grand Rapids, Michigan! #ICYMI- watch: https://www.
$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. #DrainTheSwamp Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt;http://bit.ly/finalmonth&nbsp;
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducing me in Michigan shortly.
'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' #DrainTheSwamphttp://
Join me tomorrow in Michigan!  Grand Rapids at 12pm: https://www.
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out  VOTE! #DrainTheSwamp Watch rally: https://www.
@slh: I follow Mr.Trump at all of his rallies by watching them on http://www.rsbn.tv/trump&nbsp;. He is a lion-hearted warrior, who inspires hope
Thank you Greeley, CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch: https://www.
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada- I love you! Departing for Greeley, Colorado now. Get out  VOTE! #ICYMI- watch here: https://www.
See you tomorrow Michigan!  Grand Rapids, MI tomorrow at noon: https://www.
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!
Great day in Colorado  Arizona. Will be in Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me! Tickets: https://www.
THANK YOU Phoenix, Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100 days! #DrainTheSwamp
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you!
Departing Golden, CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here: http://bit.ly/2f3wsxwInside&nbsp; Overflow:http://bit.ly/2f3wTb6Outside&nbsp;
#ObamacareFail
Tomorrow!  Las Vegas, NV- 11a: https://www.
@DeplorableCBTP: In my mind, #DonaldTrump is the only way out of this mess. - #PhilRobertson of TV's #DuckDynasty   Thank you Phil!
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm!  TICKETS: Golden: https://www.
Thank you Maine, New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to #DrainTheSwamp  #MAGA! #ImWithYou
@piersmorgan: BOMBSHELL: FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClinton's email server after new discovery!
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
We must not let #CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. #DrainTheSwamp
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said,   Israel is depressing.   I think Israel is inspiring!
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
If my people said the things about me that Podesta  Hillary's people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. Bad instincts
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids, Iowa at 7pm: https://www.
@Jmoschetti1363: @Johnatsrs1949 FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service, FBI, or (Dallas)police
Thank you Geneva, Ohio.  If I am elected President, I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our country! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Join @TeamTrump on Facebook  watch tonight's rally from Geneva, Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #AmericaFirst #MAGA http://www.
Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #DrainTheSwamp  http://
@KeithRowland: People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116% increase in premiums. @realDonaldTrump Repeal and replace!
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
I delivered a speech in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback  support. Lets #MAGA! http://bit.ly/2eLk8p2Charlotte&nbsp;
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio. Time to #DrainTheSwamp  #MAGA! https://www.
Join me in Cedar Rapids, Iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! #MAGA https://www.
#ICYMI: I agree- To all Americans, I see you  I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp with me on 11/8.  https://www.
Thank you Springfield, Ohio. Get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI - watch here: https://www.
Join me live in Springfield, Ohio! https://www.
Inside   Bill Clinton Inc.  : Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #DrainTheSwamp!https://www.
JOIN ME! #MAGA TODAY: Springfield, OH  Toledo, OH  Geneva, OH  FRIDAY: Manchester, NH  Lisbon, ME  Cedar Rapids, IA https://www.
Clinton Foundation  s Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former Presidenthttp://www.
Ron Fournier: Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect #CircleOfEnrichment
'WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals'http://
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL  REPLACE. Tired of the lies, and want to #DrainTheSwamp? Get out  VOTE #TrumpPence16  lets #MAGA!
Beautiful evening in Kinston, North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here: https://www.
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina. Great afternoon! #ICYMI - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech: https://www.
Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to lead our country.
JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW! Springfield-1pm: https://www.
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
Thank you Tallahassee, Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out  VOTE! #ICYMI- watch here: https://www.
Thank you Sanford, Florida. Get out  VOTE #TrumpPence16! #ICYMI- watch this afternoons rally here: https://www.
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!!  #ObamaCareInThreeWords
I have met  spent a lot of time with families @ The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday! #ImWithYou http://www.theremembranceproject.org/about-us.html&nbsp;
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to #DrainTheSwamp http://bit.ly/2dGeiObama2008&nbsp;
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't! #ObamacareFailed
Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGA #ImWithYou
Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal  replace!  #ObamacareFail
#ObamacareFailhttp://
#ObamacareFail
Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again!http://www.
Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year:http://www.
#Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal  replace!http://
As election looms, some bad news for Clinton, Democrats:http://www.
Record crowd in Tampa, Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA, #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done!
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty, accountability  CHANGE to Washington! #DrainTheSwamp
Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' #DrainTheSwamphttp://www.
'Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law'http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3867558/Democratic-operative-caught-camera-Hillary-PERSONALLY-ordered-Donald-Duck-troll-campaign-broke-law-coordinating-tax-exempt-pressure-group.html&nbsp;
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee, Florida!  Sanford at 3pm: https://www.
THANK YOU St. Augustine, Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets #DrainTheSwamp! Off to Tampa now! #AmericaFirst
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine, Florida! Lets #DrainTheSwamp  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://www.
Honored to receive an endorsement from @SJSOPIO - thank you! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE  GREAT AGAIN! #LESM #MAGA
'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience'http://www.
Leaving West Palm Beach, Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me: https://www.
'The Clinton Foundation  s Most Questionable Foreign Donations' #PayToPlay #DrainTheSwamphttp://
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach, Florida. Get out  VOTE- lets #MAGA!  EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY: http://
Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will #DrainTheSwamp! RASMUSSEN NATIONAL  Trump 43% Clinton 41%
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official  s Wife'http://www.
'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays' #CrookedHillaryhttp://
Thank you Naples, Florida! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8.  Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  Full Naples rally: https://www.
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
#CrookedHillary #PayToPlay
Join me in Naples, Florida this evening at 6:00pm! Tickets: https://www.
Remember - get out on November 8th  VOTE #TrumpPence16. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp -- this is our last chance!http://www.
Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt, Everything   They Touch Turns To Molten Lead  http://
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal!  EDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president' https://shar.es/1E9NsO&nbsp; via @reviewjournal
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!
If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland, Ohio! Get out  VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Watch rally here: https://www.
WikiLeaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick'http://www.
'Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House'http://
'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems'http://
Just arrived in Cleveland, Ohio- join Governor @Mike_Pence and I now, LIVE via: http://bit.ly/2dYXztrOHIOLive&nbsp; &ndash;  Cleveland I-X Exhibition and Convention Center
Hillary Clinton: 'Architect of failure' #DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillaryhttp://www.
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland, Ohio. #DrainTheSwamp http://VOTE.GOP&nbsp;
In order to #DrainTheSwamp  create a new GOVERNMENT of, by,  for the PEOPLE, I need your VOTE! Go to http://VOTE.GOP&nbsp;- LET'S #MAGA!
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG  our people will be SAFE.  https://www.
Change has to come from outside our very broken system. #MAGA
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forum  s   Islamist Money List'http://www.
Thank you Gettysburg, Pennsylvania! #DrainTheSwamp
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning, thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  TRUMP 42% CLINTON 40%
Will be in Cleveland, Ohio w/ @mike_pence tonight- join us: https://www.
@AZTRUMPTRAIN: I #Voted for DonaldTrump! #Arizona   #Economy #Immigration #Jobs #Veterans #BorderControl #Trade
@jensen4law: Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to @BernieSanders #DNCleak is a DonaldTrump LANDSLIDE
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!
Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be in Cleveland, Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #MAGA Tickets: https://www.
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown, Pennsylvania. Get out  VOTE on 11/8/16. Lets #MAGA! Watch: https://www.
#CrookedHillary sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podesta  s hacked email is   unquestionably an OPSEC violation  http://
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are'http://www.
{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess, and she knows it.  #DrainTheSwamp http://fxn.ws/2esXyzt&nbsp;
'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog' Time to #DrainTheSwamp!http://
VERY IRONIC: In 2010 video, Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding   sensitive information  http://www.
Great crowd in Johnstown, Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out  VOTE on 11/8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon: https://www.
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name   500 different examples   of conflicts of interest.http://www.
#CrookedHillary   was at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco   to Clinton Fdn.http://www.
Great crowd in Fletcher, North Carolina- thank you! Heading to Johnstown, Pennsylvania now! Get out on November 8th and #VoteTrumpPence16!
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.
Huma calls it a MESS, the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again. #DrainTheSwamphttp://
Hillary  Obama's Broken Promises.  #RepealObamacare
In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCREASES. Repeal  replace!
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president, and I will DELIVER!https://www.
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Don't forget her slogan -- TAKE THE MONEY!
'Trump won the third debate'https://www.
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!  TOMORROW Fletcher, NC @ 12pm.  https://www.
#ICYMI - OHIO RALLY! Watch here: https://www.
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you! #DrainTheSwamp #PayToPlay
Thank you Delaware County, Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election, or we are going to LOSE this country! #DrainTheSwamp #TrumpPence16
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this, we need to #DrainTheSwamp!
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
Thank you America! #MAGA  Rasmussen National Poll Donald Trump 43% Hillary Clinton 40%
Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp  #MAGA!
Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal!  Watch:
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll: TRUMP 77% (18,290) CLINTON 17% (4,100) #DrainTheSwamp #Debate
Join the MOVEMENT to #MAGA! http://www.
Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp, together we will #MAGA#Debate
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! #Debates https://www.
The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of #AmericanUnity. First, we need to #DrainTheSwamp! #Debates
UNBELIEVABLE! Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times:http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3852710/Clinton-campaign-contractor-caught-voter-fraud-video-sting-felon-visited-White-House-342-times-including-meeting-OVAL-OFFICE-Obama-s-spokesman-won-t-defend-him.html&nbsp;
'Over 250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to #Obamacare'http://www.
Join my team tonight at 8:30pmE! http://www.
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT! #DrainTheSwamp
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp
Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced! #DrainTheSwamp
'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician'http://
Join me in Delaware, Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #DrainTheSwamp  Tickets: https://www.
'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked, Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader' #DrainTheSwamphttp://
'Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times' #DrainTheSwamphttp://
'State works hard, and illegally, for Clinton' #DrainTheSwamphttp://www.
'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State' #DrainTheSwamphttp://www.
The State Department's 'shadow government' #DrainTheSwamphttp://
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton: http://gop.cm/5Y3g7j&nbsp;
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp!http://
  Food Groups      Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender:http://
#DrainTheSwamphttp://
Time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C. and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/2016. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp
'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' #DrainTheSwamphttp://
'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll'http://
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I  m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp
FL, KS, ME, MD, MN, NJ, OR  WV! It's the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at http://VOTE.GOP&nbsp; so we can #MAGA!
Hillary  s Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks:http://
If we let Crooked run the govt, history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. #DrainTheSwamphttps://www.
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will #DrainTheSwamp.
I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first, I'm going to have to #DrainTheSwamp in DC. https://www.
@THEREALMOGUL: 41% of American voters believe the  election could be stolen from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud. - Politico
Great night in WI. I  m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEOPLE -- not the donors!
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C. https://www.
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey   Stood In The Way   Of Clinton Email Investigation:http://
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide:
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election:http://www.
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team: https://www.
Join me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #MAGA  Tickets: https://www.
Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a #RiggedSystem! Our country deserves better!
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash https://www.publicintegrity.org/2016/10/17/20330/journalists-shower-hillary-clinton-campaign-cash&nbsp;
State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandalhttp://www.
Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
Unbelievable.
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED!http://www.
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
@RosieGray: Peter Thiel chooses now to give $1.25mil in support of Trump http://www.
@PrisonPlanet: Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April! This is all yet another hoax. http://
@MarkSimoneNY: Watch Joe Biden's Long History Of Grabbing, Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing: http://
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!  @NCGOP
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP
Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows quid pro quo in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person -  Paul Ryan does zilch!
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!
Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday! Green Bay- 6pm https://www.
  The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted... -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty.http://www.
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama!http://www.
Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security?http://bigstory.ap.org/article/2e8afe2cdaca4ef0be159f263ae7d85d/leaks-show-clinton-inner-circle-grappling-email-issue&nbsp;
A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT!http://www.
They let Crooked  the Gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable!http://www.
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
@davidshiloach: @realDonaldTrump Go Mr. Trump! Israel is behind you!
Thank you for sharing Amy.
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA
Thank you Bangor, Maine! Get out  #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
The failing @nytimes reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime- get out  VOTE on 11/8!
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.
The truth is a beautiful weapon.
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
Will be in Bangor, Maine today at 3pm- join me! #MAGA Tickets: https://www.
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
Thank you @TrumpWomensTour! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all about the people! #MAGA
Make sure you're registered to vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! We can't afford more years of FAILURE! All info: http://VOTE.GOP&nbsp;
Thank you for your support Greensboro, North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! #MAGA http://www.
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN  S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY:  http://bit.ly/2dcbtvkCrooked&nbsp;
Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country, both in times of peace  war. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE  GREAT AGAIN!
Join me live in Cincinnati, Ohio! #TrumpRally #MAGA https://www.
Join me in Greensboro, North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! #TrumpRally https://www.
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you! OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL Trump 42%  Clinton 41%
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!
Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst
Join me in Ohio  Maine! Cincinnati, Ohio- tonight @ 7:30pm: https://www.
The phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the incident in her story. Because it did not happen!
I will be in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #OhioVotesEarly #VoteTrumpPence16  Tickets: https://www.
The MOVEMENT in Lakeland, Florida. Voter registration extended to 10/18. REGISTER ASAP @ http://VOTE.GOP&nbsp;  get out to VOTE on 11/8!
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS.  #CrookedHillary
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out  #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8! #MAGA
Join me Thursday in Florida  Ohio! West Palm Beach, FL at noon: https://www.
Wow, @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary  CNN FRAUD!
Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to: http://VOTE.GOP&nbsp;  get out on 11/8/16 to #MAGA!
VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at: http://VOTE.GOP&nbsp; and get out to #VoteTrumpPence2016! #MAGA
DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN.
Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to Friends of Bill after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable!http://abcn.ws/2d5mmzH&nbsp;
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
Wow. Unbelievable.
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don  t know how to win - I will teach them!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- together, we will #MAGA!
Is this really America? Terrible!
Wow, @CNN got caught fixing their focus group in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!
Debate polls look great - thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased.
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan: Eliminate excessive regulations!  Lean government! Lower taxes! #Debates  #BigLeagueTruth
Hypocrite: @HillaryClinton is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate
@AC360:   How can you unite a country if you  ve written off tens of millions of Americans?   #Deplorables #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate
We agree @POTUS-  SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING  CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE -President Obama
If @HillaryClinton is president, she  ll be all talk and nothing will get done. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
FACT  on   red line   in Syria: HRC I wasn  t there. Fact: line drawn in Aug   12. HRC Secy of State til Feb   13.http://theatln.tc/2ehyZYB&nbsp;
In my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
We cannot let this evil continue! #Debates2016
This is the definition of ransom
The world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when America is strongest.
Here are Hillary Clinton's accomplishments at the State Department. #Debates2016 #RattledHillary
Join me on #FacebookLive as I conclude my final #debate preparations. https://www.
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued: https://www.
Exclusive Video  Broaddrick, Willey, Jones to Bill's Defenders:   These Are Crimes,     Terrified   of   Enabler   Hillaryhttp://www.
LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary:http://www.
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
@HenryLeledog: @realDonaldTrump This Black Democrat is on the TRUMP TRAIN!!
@maidaa17: @realDonaldTrump GOP traitors! Not supporting U is voting for her, destroying America.
@CharleneOsbor17: @realDonaldTrump politicians don't count. It's the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House.
@eericmyers: @realDonaldTrump  Republican leadership should have only one job: Help elect the nominee we voted for, Donald J. Trump.
@Jodygirl1010: @realDonaldTrump I am a woman who continues to support  stand with #Trump! #dtmag
EXCLUSIVE    Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:http://www.
Tremendous support (except for some Republican leadership). Thank you.
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
Here is my statement.
Thoughts  prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors, and listen to your local officials.
@kevcirilli: Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on 12/1. The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP nominee
New National Rasmussen Poll:
Thank you Tennessee! #MAGA
VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/16!
'Donald Trump: A President for All Americans'http://www.
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://www.
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.
New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back    BIGGER, and BETTER, and STRONGER than ever before!
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me! Ambridge: https://www.
Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement: http://bit.ly/2dMMzucICE&nbsp;
Such a great honor!http://
Amazing rally in Reno, Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8  VOTE #TrumpPence16. Together, we will put #AmericaFirst  #MAGA!
Reuters polling just out- thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain http://www.
EARLY VOTING: MN  IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN    check w/local officials for details  VOTE!
'Small business says Trump is their pick for president'http://www.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
Thank you Henderson, NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page: http://bit.ly/2dFAezqNEVADAVideo&nbsp;
About to begin a rally here in Henderson, Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT: http://www.
Beautiful morning- thank you @ICLV!
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
@AnyoneTennis: @timkaine Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #Pence vs the other guy...so obvious @FoxNews  So true!
@Gsimmons03Ginny: @realDonaldTrump ..Kaine is awful, Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see America Great Again!
Clinton  s Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department: http://bit.ly/2dvfRDu&nbsp; #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
@FLifeforce: @_CFJ_ @vine That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty! Vote for @realDonaldTrump
.@HillaryClinton  s Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk: http://bit.ly/2dQA5aL&nbsp; #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA: http://bit.ly/2dPSxnn&nbsp; #VPDebate
CLINTON  S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY: http://bit.ly/2dvfUPV&nbsp; #VPDebate
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists: http://bit.ly/2dqaJVp&nbsp; #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
.@timkaine is wrong for defense:  http://bit.ly/2dqWnS7&nbsp;  #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Join the MOVEMENT! http://www.
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom. #AmericaFirst means #FamilyFirst!
I will be watching the great Governor @Mike_Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!
Join me in Reno, Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! #MAGA Tickets: https://www.
Thank you Colorado! #MAGA http://www.
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruth http://www.
Thank you Pueblo, Colorado!  #TrumpRally #AmericaFirst http://www.
Join me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA  Tickets: https://www.
Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
@trumplican2016: .@realDonaldTrump  There will be MASSIVE turnout for you,  Mr. Trump - These polls don't register the pulse of the PEOPLE!
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimes
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, just saw the really bad @CNN ratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary.
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio  sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided spin that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians, HRC is not with you.http://www.
Thank you Novi, Michigan! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. #TrumpTrain
Join me in Pueblo, Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! #TrumpRally http://bit.ly/2d1X55mCOLORADO&nbsp;
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!
Why isn't Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe it's the email scandal, policies that spread ISIS, or calling millions of Americans deplorables!
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas  Arizona papers  now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
Remember, don't believe sources said by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist.
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an angel without checking her past, which is terrible!
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying sources said, DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!
Wow, did you see how badly @CNN (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like @donlemon, who could expect any more?
While Hillary profits off the rigged system, I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: #FollowTheMoney https://www.
Thank you for joining me this afternoon, New Hampshire! Will be back soon. #FollowTheMoney Speech transcript: https://www.
Join me in Manheim, Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! #TrumpRally Tickets: https://www.
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
Will be in Novi, Michigan this Friday at 5:00pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at: https://www.
Join me in Bedford, New Hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. Can't wait to see everyone! #AmericaFirst #MAGA  https://www.
Thank you Waukesha, Wisconsin!  Full transcript of my speech, #FollowTheMoney: http://bit.ly/2cMpbnvFollowTheMoney&nbsp;
Joining @oreillyfactor from Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy!
Join me live in Waukesha, Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally! #AmericaFirst #MAGA https://www.
Thank you Council Bluffs, Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just #FollowTheMoney.
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! #ImWithYou  Video: http://bit.ly/2dah1e7TrumpFBLive&nbsp;
Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...http://bit.ly/2dahkw1DJTFacebook&nbsp;
Join me in Council Bluffs, Iowa- today at 3pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Tickets: https://www.
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox  Friends for so reporting!
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record:http://bit.ly/shatterrecords&nbsp;
Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Thank you! #TrumpTrain #MAGA
Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs, Iowa! Tickets: https://www.
Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today! http://bit.ly/2dxrgjaMOVEMENT&nbsp;
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure:  http://bit.ly/2d4cDe8&nbsp;
'CNBC, Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' via @WashTimes. #MAGAhttp://
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! #ImWithYou
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and we  re still going! Thank you America! #MAGA
Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!
Thank you for your endorsement, @GovernorSununu. #MAGA  https://www.
Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins! #AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYou http://www.
'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via @WSJ:http://www.
Thank you! #TrumpWon #MAGAhttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3809204/Most-snap-polls-Trump-winning-debate-landslide.html&nbsp;
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch'http://www.
The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched @CNN poll.
'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'http://
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!
Thank you! Four new #DebateNight polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE  GREAT AGAIN! http://www.
.@DRUDGE_REPORT's First Presidential Debate Poll: Trump: 80% Clinton: 20% Join the MOVEMENT today  lets #MAGA! http://www.
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in! #DebateNight #TrumpPence16
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT: http://www.
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the King, has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu: https://www.
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M.
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today! Sign up: http://gop.cm/nv5vmm&nbsp; #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets: https://www.
@KellyannePolls: Trump is headed for a win, says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes   http://wpo.st/hQg-2&nbsp;
The @SenTedCruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA http://gop.cm/nv5vmm&nbsp;
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at: https://www.
'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'https://www.
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers  sm. biz, by saying she  ll tax estates at 65%.
Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA http://gop.cm/nv5vmm&nbsp;
Spoke with Governor @PatMcCroryNC of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain SIGN UP TODAY  WE WILL WIN! https://www.
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm! #MAGA https://www.
Will be on @foxandfriends now.
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on @seanhannity - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
@ThAllenSBoucher: @DiamondandSilk @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity I love those beautiful gals. D + S = Two amazing women!
.@YoungDems4Trump  Thank you!
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina  Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today  lets #MAGA! http://www.
Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Hopefully the violence  unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity  leadership.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a very abrupt end! #MAGA
Thank you High Point, NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation  I will fight to bring us together as one American people!
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
Thank you Nevada! #AmericaFirst #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  http://www.
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at http://www.
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
I will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton   Blew The Police Off'http://
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont: http://bit.ly/2cNwnwE&nbsp;
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country  its people- how did he get thru system?
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
@TarukMatuk: @CNN @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @RogerRice10 Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males, poorly vetted.
@AngPiazza: @foxandfriends  @realDonaldTrump he's the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 A.M.  Enjoy.
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Under the leadership of Obama  Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!!
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting
The failing @nytimes has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes, pretends she knows me well--wrong!
Wacky @NYTimesDowd, who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
.@CNN just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the @PhillyPolice  @Penn police officers- in Philadelphia.http://
Donald Trump  s birther event is the greatest trick he  s ever pulledhttp://wapo.st/2cQoAQC&nbsp;
A very interesting take from @KatiePavlich:http://
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will #MAGA. Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget!
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...http://bit.ly/2csHFXf&nbsp;
I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia, New Hampshire -- will be back soon! #AmericaFirst http://www.
@AK_TWEET: #TheDonald's hair gets the #JimmyFallon treatment on #TheTonightShow #TrumpPence16
@jimmyfallon: Tonight: @realDonaldTrump, @normmacdonald, a performance by Kiiara,and your funniest #MyTeacherIsWeird tweets. #FallonTonight
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation  job creation!
Will be joining @jimmyfallon on @FallonTonight at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy! &ndash;  NBC Studio Tour
I will be interviewed by @jessebwatters on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York. #MAGA https://www.
Thank you @JerryJrFalwell!
Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America! #LESM #MAGA
Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon. #MAGA
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
@ghfanlovessonny: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016 Thank you!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. #MAGA #AmericaFirst http://www.
Great evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:  http://www.
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful @bishopwtjackson in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy!
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm: https://www.
Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me: http://bit.ly/2cIUUroMIAMI&nbsp;
Thank you @ATFD17! #ImWithYou Video: https://www.
Great poll Florida - thank you!  #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight!
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Thank you Rep. @MarshaBlackburn! https://www.
Thank you @RepReneeEllmers! https://www.
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Transcript: http://bit.ly/2c9namgDJTChildcareReform&nbsp;
Thank you Clive, Iowa!
Join us today! Together, we will  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! http://bit.ly/2ctkuf7TeamTrump&nbsp;
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets: https://www.
Join me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon! #AmericaFirst #MAGA Tickets: https://www.
@brimyers813: Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 ur/our success.
Just got back from Asheville,  North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!  #MAGA
Stopped by @TrumpDC to thank all of the tremendous men  women for their hard work!
Will be on @CNBC at @7:22. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
#NeverForget http://bit.ly/2cvN2jv9DT911&nbsp;
The seriously failing @nytimes, despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
@Stvzbnk: Just Watched @tonyschwartz. Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job @realDonaldTrump
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.
I havn't seen @tonyschwartz in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
Dummy writer @tonyschwartz, who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: http://www.
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on @oreillyfactor at 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida.
Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! http://www.
Great honor to be endorsed by popular  successful @gov_gilmore of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed @CNN announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!
Jeff Zucker failed @NBC and he is now failing @CNN.
.@CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. They are a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
The documentary of me that @CNN just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you! #ImWithYou #MAGA
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails  the veteran who said she should be in jail.
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum.  #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Pena Nieto.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS.
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
A rough night for Hillary Clinton  ABC News.
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!
COMING UP @GenFlynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriends
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night.
Thank you America - great #CommanderInChiefForum polls!
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country  never let the American people down! #AmericaFirsthttps://www.
Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me! http://bit.ly/2ciou6wFLORIDA&nbsp;
#AmericaFirst!
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll' #AmericaFirst #MAGAhttp://
@adhd_fa:Kudos to @PARISDENNARD for standing up to CNN's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending @realDonaldTrump #media bias
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 11pmE @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Thank you North Carolina- get out  #VoteTrump on 11/8/2016! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama the son of a whore. Terrible!
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!
Thank you! #AmericaFirst
Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans. #ImWithYou
Thank you! #VoteTrump #ImWithYou
Mainstream media never covered Hillary  s massive   hacking   or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. What  s up?
Join me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at 7pm! #VoteTrump  https://www.
@Ler: Message for undecided voters: Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now! Trump/Pence very important save our America before too late!
Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by @IvankaTrump, @LaraLeaTrump, @GenFlynn  @MayorRGiuliani.
Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst
Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting @Mike_Pence  I for a roundtable with labor leaders. #LaborDay #MAGA
#LaborDay #AmericaFirst Video: https://www.
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac!http://
President Obama  Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
@OSPREY675: @Miami4Trump I followed you because you are a patriot  support @realDonaldTrump, as do I. #MAGA by sticking together.
@tweak626: I'm at a biker rally in Perry, Kansas...and everyone is a @realDonaldTrump fan. Love it.
@ronnieclemmons: @ChrisCJackson @TakouiS @realDonaldTrump  Trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big
@lblackvelvet: @realDonaldTrump We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!
@CherNuna: @realDonaldTrump It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then it's this, then it's that.
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the C markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE T
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as @JeffFlake, if it is going to stop illegal immigration.
@AnneBellar: @realDonaldTrump @CNN CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Wow, the failing @nytimes has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all @CNN talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday, 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me! https://www.
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!http://www.
#ImWithYou
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
Great new poll Iowa - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!
Just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!
I will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. Enjoy!
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! #ImWithYou
Thank you for having me this morning @AmericanLegion. I enjoyed my time with everyone! #ALConvention2016
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Under a Trump administration, it's called #AmericaFirst! #ImWithYouhttp://www.
There will be no amnesty! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYouhttp://www.
Just arrived in Arizona! #ImWithYou https://www.
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the f bomb.
Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
Thank you North Carolina! #MAGA
Thank you America! #MAGA
@meequalsfree: Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house! @realDonaldTrump  @mike_pence
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon! #ImWithYou Tickets: https://www.
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm! #ImWithYou Tickets: https://www.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #Obamacare!
#CrookedHillary
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
@PMNOrlando: @realDonaldTrump I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank)   she still has room.
@RhondaR: Thank-You Clarence Henderson for telling @cnn you know racism  it's not DonaldTrump http://www.
@Patrici: Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron, Ohio is a Sea of Women, Minorities, Independents, Dems https://shar.es/1w66Vf&nbsp; via @gatewaypundit
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
Thank you Arizona! #VoteTrump
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets: https://www.
@LindaHarden: @realDonaldTrump America loves Trump and @mike_pence -- praying for you every day. Stay strong. #TrumpPence2016 #NeverHillary
NATIONAL DEBT  January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLION August 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage  bravery.
Thank you Iowa! #ImWithYou
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator @JoniErnst. Look forward to being with all of my friends.
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
@GoldJazz559: #BlackMenForBernie Leader: #Hillary2016   No Regard For Black Race   http://
@DiamondandSilk: Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. @CNN, she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor.
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border  WALL!
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today. http://www.
Join us via our new #AmericaFirst APP! #TrumpPence16 https://www.
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou
Thank you @TeamTrump Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will be interviewed by @kimguilfoyle  at 7pm on @FoxNews. #Enjoy!
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat:http://www.
Meet the   Trumpocrats  : Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President:http://www.
Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery #CrookedHillaryhttp://
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth SUPER PREDATORS - Has she apologized?
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Wonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @MSNBC by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American  Hispanic communities
The Clinton's are the real predators...
@Lewenskimo: Your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows, you represent HOPE!!
Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign. #FlashbackFriday
@DonaldJTrumpJr: Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner http://
@foxnation: Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor': http://bit.ly/2bmuqej&nbsp;
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES.  Full speech transcript: https://www.
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument!http://www.
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida @CNN Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!
@Trump_Videos: .@Nigel_Farage of the #brexit fame - We CAN do this! We can #MAGA with @realDonaldTrump https://youtu.be/gSBDTfTfmJ8&nbsp;
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor @Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Will be on #Hannity @ 10pE @FoxNews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #BuildTheWall  enforce our laws!
Thank you for your support! #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT  together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  http://www.
Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down!  #MakeAmericaSafeAgain http://www.TheRemembranceProject.org&nbsp;
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Thank you Travis County, Texas! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on @SeanHannity at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy!
In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down!
Join me in Tampa, Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets: https://www.
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was absolutely no connection between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a @FoxNews Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
The @WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring!
.@AnnCoulter's new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
Great meeting with active  retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio.
Statement on Clinton Foundation: https://www.
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!
Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning,  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
@realbill2016: @realDonaldTrump @Brainykid2010 @shl Trump leading LA Times poll
@Brainykid2010: @shl @realDonaldTrump The ad was actually very good!
@55Lidsville:  #TeamTrump @KellyannePolls You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K
@SinAbunz_TM: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!  #MAGA #TrumpPence16
@Jimbos2002:  @Morning_Joe Video: Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel.
I heard that @Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV ( someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!http://www.
@EyeCandyTMGayle: @realDonaldTrump please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful  Good!
@J58golf: @realDonaldTrump been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!
We will bring America together as ONE country again    united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16
Will be interviewed on @JudgeJeanine at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
Thank you @JerryJrFalwell- will see you soon. #TrumpPence16https://www.
@CatOnGlass: 200,000 new followers for @realDonaldTrump. From 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, All in the last ten days or so! #MAGA #AlwaysTrump
.@Franklin_Graham @BillyNungesser @SamaritansPurse- so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts  prayers.
We are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up. #StandWithLouisiana
#WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!!
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16
Great job by @EricTrump on interview with @BillHemmer on @FoxNews. #ImWithYou #TrumpTrain
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana  another speech tonight in MI.
We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up.
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  https://www.
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#CrookedHillary #ThrowbackThursday
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @seanhannity - @FoxNews
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
We are going to make this a government of the people once again! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
We will repeal  replace #Obamacare, which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster!
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime,  lost opportunities. #ImWithYou
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain #ImWithYou
Thank you Governor @ScottWalker  @GOP Chairman @Reince Priebus.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #ImWithYou  Tickets: http://bit.ly/2bGMAZmNC&nbsp;
#LawandOrder #ImWithYou Video: http://bit.ly/2aY5q8oImWithYou&nbsp;
#LawandOrder #ImWithYou Transcript: http://bit.ly/2aY3nhyLawandOrder&nbsp;
Will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets.... Cont: https://www.
This is my pledge to the American people: http://bit.ly/2bEoRchPledge&nbsp;
'It's just a 2-point race, Clinton 38%, Trump 36%'http://www.
Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #Obamacare plans.' Only the beginning!http://www.
#AmericasMerkel
CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION. http://www.sessions.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2016/6/clinton-refugee-plan-could-bring-in-620-000-refugees-in-first-term-at-lifetime-cost-of-over-400-billion&nbsp;
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain  https://www.
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
Stay on message is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
It is not freedom of the press when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%
The failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said
The failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
@zulu_out: You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #USA Loves U Thanks
@PaulaDuvall2: We're all enjoying you, as well, Mr. T.! You've inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you! Nice
@need2knowu:  @willspeakout yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
@willspeakout: Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you! #TrumpTrain Thanks
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
Will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm, hosted by @GovMikeHuckabee. Enjoy!
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
@laurencristmann: Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with @C_Lynne_Ryan your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm
Ratings challenged @CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) the founder of ISIS,  MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?
@EnemyWithinn: @realDonaldTrump @elsolarverde @nytimes People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump. That would indeed be nice!
@elsolarverde: THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST @realDonaldTrump TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton
@SheriffClarke: http://
Will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing @CNN turns everyone off. The American people get it! http://www.
Thank you Fort Lauderdale, Florida.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by @CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
@DSF2020: Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you Abingdon, Virginia!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  https://www.
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by low ratings @CNN.
Great meeting w/ coal miners  leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! #MAGA https://www.
I will be interviewed on @greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESM
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad  irrelevant!
.@dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
@dbongino:   Now cut off my mic!   Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, 2nd Amendment    HEATED! http://www.
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
Thank you Senator @ChuckGrassley! #TrumpPence16https://www.
Thank you @SenatorFischer! #TrumpPence16 http://www.
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@LinHen23:  @foxandfriends Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help #MAGA #NeverHillary
@sprts08: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
'As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.' https://www.
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Thank you Newt!
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo! https://www.
Thank you Senator David Perdue! http://bit.ly/2b9idkbSenPerdue&nbsp;
Thank you @RepLouBarletta! https://www.
Thank you @NFIB- together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you!
Thank you Alex!
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at: https://www.
#ICYMI: Will Media Apologize to Trump?http://www.
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, the baby and so much more. Very dishonest!
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
Thank you Windham, New Hampshire! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA
.@Larry_Kudlow - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'http://www.
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
#CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president! #TrumpPence16  https://www.
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!
Anybody whose mind SHORT CIRCUITS is not fit to be our president! Look up the word BRAINWASHED.
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she SHORT CIRCUITED when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
Good luck #TeamUSA #OpeningCeremony #Rio2016
'Trump is right about violent crime: It  s on the rise in major cities'https://www.
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be back soon. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA
DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16
Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor @Mike_Pence and I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President. http://bit.ly/2aDkmmiDJTFB&nbsp;
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President.http://
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
See you tomorrow w/ Gov. @Mike_Pence, Iowa  Wisconsin!  3pm- http://bit.ly/2aLiY9zDesMoines&nbsp;   7pm- http://bit.ly/2axymdaGreenBay&nbsp;
Thank you Portland, Maine!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you @USCG! #CoastGuardDay
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors  counting here in Maine, thank you! @MaineGOP
Looking forward to IA  WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us! #MAGA http://bit.ly/2aLiY9zDesMoines&nbsp;   http://bit.ly/2axymdaGreenBay&nbsp;
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  https://www.
Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou  http://bit.ly/2aRqNxjThankYou&nbsp;
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida! #LESM #MAGA
THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
My daughter @IvankaTrump will be on @Greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
Report raises questions about   Clinton Cash   from Russians during   reset'http://
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
#ICYMI: John Podesta  s Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putin  s Uranium Company: https://www.
#CrookedHillary
Join me in Florida tomorrow!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain   Daytona | 3pm-  http://bit.ly/2apZfbvDAYTONA&nbsp;  Jacksonville | 7pm-  http://bit.ly/2aq0jQ3JACKSONVILLE&nbsp;
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP: http://bit.ly/2aNb6apDJTStatement&nbsp;
Thank you Virginia! #ImWithYou
The Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow!
Great afternoon in Ohio  a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia!
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words, very much appreciated.
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona  Jacksonville:  Daytona | 3pm- https://www.
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don  t want them heard.http://www.
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary  s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays  refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN.http://www.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA
Thank you Oklahoma  Virginia!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at: https://www.
#CrookedHillaryhttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3718137/Hillary-Clinton-slapped-dreaded-Four-Pinocchios-rating-false-claim-FBI-director-said-told-truth-classified-emails.html&nbsp;
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
When I said in an interview that Putin is not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down, I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
@RealJamesWoods:  Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance. #VoterFraud and #MSM her only hope.
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our leaders to eradicate it!
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! @CNN @FoxNews
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via @dcexaminer:http://www.
Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
The Rust Belt was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP
#CrookedHillary = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two Big Thursdays when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
#CrookedHillary
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
While I am in OH  PA - you can also join @Mike_Pence in Nevada on Mon!  Carson City: https://www.
Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio  Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA  3pm in OH: https://www.
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the  'American Dream!'
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars,  NAFTA/TPP support  Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out  VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November!
Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal.http://www.
Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD! https://www.
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!  Colorado Springs: https://www.
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. #TrumpPence16
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Thank you!   Facebook: https://www.
Crooked Hillary said that I couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign. Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  #NeverHillary
Little Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD  #NeverHillary
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Join @mike_pence at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets: https://www.
@AnnCoulter: I believe in science Dem code for we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT:  https://www.
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and forgot to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
#CrookedHillary
Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential winhttp://
Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with @JerryJrFalwell joining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
AMERICA'S FUTURE https://www.
Bernie caved! https://www.
@LallyRay: Poll: Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart http://www.
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn  t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC
@trumplican2016: @realDonaldTrump @DavidWohl stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE
@DavidWohl: Barack is offended that @realDonaldTrump will demand that #NATO allies pay their fair share. #DemsInPhilly
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttp://youtu.be/vcb_VzvM3Vw&nbsp;
#CrookedHillary
Thank you Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  https://www.
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA
Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so farhttp://bit.ly/2aeaiwaTrumpPence16&nbsp;
Great new poll - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Join our next Vice President, @Mike_Pence in Wisconsin tonight  Michigan Thursday!  MI: https://www.
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to carpet bomb the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said Trump is a genius. America 1st!
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP.http://www.
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS  her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Thank you New Hampshire!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Join us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at 3pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA  Tickets: http://bit.ly/2aetcdrTrumpPencePA&nbsp;
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Funny, if you listen to @FoxNews, the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
I was at @FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
Thank you OHIO! #TrumpPence16 https://www.
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon! #TrumpPence16 https://www.
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 https://www.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  https://www.
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her servant was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS  all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive  well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild
The @CNN panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
Today proves what I have always known, that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.)
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders political revolution. He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpPence16
@NancyNielsenn: @realDonaldTrump Dinesh D'Sousa Hillary's America. see it
@OliMauritania: @realDonaldTrump Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals http://www.
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
@Theresa_Cali: @realDonaldTrump General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage  set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRove
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #RNCinCLEhttp://www.
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16
You can watch 360 video live from the podium! https://youtu.be/BXmqiESZYp0&nbsp; #RNCinCLE #TrumpIsWithYou #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
This is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr. Proud of you! #RNCinCLE #TrumpPence2016
Great job @IvankaTrump! #RNCinCLE
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Arena was packed, totally electric!
.@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov. @Mike_Pence! #GOPinCLE #GOPConvention #AmericaFirst
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you!  #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
Thank you @ScottWalker! #AmericaFirst  #RNCinCLE
Thank you to Governor @ScottWalker for such warm support. Great speech!
Thank you @IngrahamAngle! #AmericaFirst
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
Watching the #GOPConvention #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH https://www.
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain  #TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE  https://www.
@RoxaneTancredi:  Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people.
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention
Will be on @OreillyFactor tonight at 8:30pm @FoxNews- prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain! #GOPConvention #RNCinCLE  https://www.
Networks other than low ratings @CNN have been very fair and exciting!
.@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain  https://www.
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
@60Minutes: DonaldTrump and his running mate @Mike_Pence to appear on #60Minutes in first joint interview. CBS http://cbsn.ws/29QEyKD&nbsp;
I will be on @60Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to... https://www.
The ratings at @FoxNews blow away the ratings of @CNN - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
.@FoxNews is much better, and far more truthful, than @CNN, which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
@TrumpDoonbeg: Great news! We've been nominated for Ireland's Best Golf Hotel 2016.We would appreciate your vote! http://
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you! #TrumpPence16
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O  Hillary!
#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today!  #ImWithYou http://www.
Great new poll- thank you America! #Trump2016 #ImWithYou
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Even the @NYTimes and @WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide @QuinnipiacPoll. Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common.
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most  pro-Israel of all time!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
#CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida, Ohio,  Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet!
Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania! #CrookedHillary is not qualified. #ImWithYou
Thank you! #ImWithYou
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
THANK YOU INDIANA! #Trump2016
Thank you Iowa- see you soon! #Trump2016 #ImWithYou  https://www.
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8pm. Enjoy!
The American people agree. No free pass for #CrookedHillary!
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals  global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
#CrookedHillary is not qualified!
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
This election is a choice between law, order  safety - or chaos, crime  violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou https://www.
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..https://www.
Speech on Veterans' Reform: http://bit.ly/29tVzgxVeteransReform&nbsp;
Great poll- Florida! Thank you!
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.
Join me in Westfield, Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! #Trump2016  Tickets: https://www.
I heard that the underachieving John King of @CNN on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
New poll - thank you! #Trump2016 https://www.
Way to go @serenawilliams  - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! https://www.
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @CNN?
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...https://www.
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.
Thank you Speaker @PRyan! #AmericaFirst #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Rep. Collins! #Trump2016
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Great being in Cincinnati, Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now. #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also?  Dishonest media! #Frozen
To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary.
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, @MarkHalperin @NBCPolitics
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but...https://www.
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information. Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with murder. Come November 8, she's out!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
My son, @EricTrump will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Looking forward to meeting with @SenBobCorker in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.
It was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
On @FoxNews at 7:00 P.M. Special: Meet the Trumps Hope you enjoy!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is guilty as hell but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I look forward to meeting @joniernst today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!
Happy 4th of July! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst https://www.
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting go away, no pictures.
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about grandkids and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged  corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
Thank you @greta. #ImWithYou
Thank you for your support! #AmericaFirst #LeadRight2016
Thank you! #AmericaFirst
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! #AmericaFirsthttp://
Crooked Hillary -- Makes History!  #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
The #2A to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep  bear Arms shall not be infringed upon.
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Just read in the failing @nytimes that I was not aware the event had to be held in Cleveland - a total lie. These people are sick!
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst https://www.
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado! #ImWithYou #WCS16  https://www.
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. #AmericaFirsthttp://www.
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while: http://bit.ly/29xZpgbIsrael&nbsp;
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough. http://bit.ly/299PfhoStatement&nbsp;
.@TraceAdkins great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
#ThrowbackThursday #Trump2016
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest @NBCNews refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America.  http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_CLINTON_EMAILS?SITE=APSECTION=HOMETEMPLATE=DEFAULTCTIME=2016-06-29-17-38-07&nbsp;
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them!http://www.
New book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read! #WakeUpAmerica
The story with Hillary will never change.https://www.
For reasons only they can explain, the @USChamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
@Gengm7: @jakeda @realDonaldTrump As of April this year, Hillary had spent $264,000,000 on her campaign Mr.Trump $55,000,000. self funding
I will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center! https://www.
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on @FoxNews - He was great! Thank you John.
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
@jtsbk:  @AllenWest thanks for sharing Eric we need @realDonaldTrump now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Will the world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Hillary Clinton  s Presidency would be catastrophic for the future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here:  https://www.
@kridan1: Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube
@bluedogdemky: @CWAUnion @iowa_trump @RichardTrumka @AFLCIO This is why I would think the unions would support @realDonaldTrump for #POTUS
@arnold_ziffel: @AnnCoulter also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as @realDonaldTrump was speaking. #UPUPUP
@Patricia_Graf:  @GovBrewer @cvpayne let's get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs
@vegas_sports: Good for @realDonaldTrump he's smart on business. Maybe If corporations weren't overtaxed they would stay. Voting for #Trump
@GovBrewer: I'll be a guest today on Making Money with @cvpayne on @ Fox Business 6 PM ET / 3 PM PT Discussing @realDonaldTrump. Tune in!
.@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
@LindaSuhler: Trump voters don't scare or back down. Our numbers are growing  we're taking our country BACK. #Trump2016 #MAGA
@w4djt: Under a Trump presidency, America will make brilliant new trade deals!   Donald Trump #dtmag
@brazosboys: Hillary read sigh off the Teleprompter, She's so fake she has to be told how to feel: https://youtu.be/iYUQtxXZPsk&nbsp; @FoxNews
@JimVitari:  @ABC @washingtonpost we know they're fake just like poles during primary. I'm sure u will crush #CrookedHillary in general
The dirty poll done by @ABC @washingtonpost is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own: https://www.
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address:
The @ABC poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
Thank you to everyone who came out  joined us @TrumpTurnberry yesterday! @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr
On the 13th tee box @TrumpScotland with my grand daughter, Kai! @DonaldJTrumpJr
Arriving @TrumpScotland with @DonaldJTrumpJr  @EricTrump. Back to New York tonight.  Video: https://www.
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
@Jolena3: @realDonaldTrump And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Can't wait!
@DarrenWaggener: @realDonaldTrump What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...https://www.
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal  illegal immigrants settled..https://www.
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free  ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies,  as a people w/a shared history.
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave  brilliant vote.
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership https://www.
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton.http://www.
Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision #imwithyou  https://www.
Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. I  m not watching it much anymore.http://www.
CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong.http://www.
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
On immigration, I  m consulting with our immigration officers  our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
Obama  Clinton should stop meeting with special interests,  start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
Hillary Clinton  s open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. #Imwithyou
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic  African-American workers.
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families #CrookedHillary  https://www.
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama.  --  Donald J. Trump
Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.  --   Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been disqualifying.
@AllegrettiVicki: You have great children, future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father. Thank you.
@1lion: brilliant 3 word response to Hillary's 'I'm With You'  slogan http://bit.ly/28PIJre&nbsp; @realDonaldTrump
@justininglv: @realDonaldTrump great speech today!! It's all about America and that's why you will become president!!!!  Thank you.
#Imwithyou http://bit.ly/28QBVdh&nbsp;
#Imwithyou
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou
@chrisboydbrew: @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump @FoxBusiness.. Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions, great answers Lou is great
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
I will be interviewed by @LouDobbs tonight on @FoxBusiness 7pm ET
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty  judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
I am the king of debt.That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S.
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T.  They have bankrupted   https://www.
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
.@DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
@bfraser747: Watch out HillaryClinton  Support @realDonaldTrump   #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Yesterday's failing @NYTimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed!
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. #Trump2016 https://www.
I love you Arizona! Thank you! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst  https://www.
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona today at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst https://www.
Thank you Houston, Texas!  #AmericaFirst #Trump2016
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!
Thank you- on my way!
Thank you @DallasPD!
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst https://www.
THANK YOU! #AmericaFirst
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!
@VoteTrumpMAGA: The media attack on @realDonaldTrump is relentless. They are desperate. But, they keep #Trump in the news - a good thing.
Thank you Dallas, Texas!  https://www.
Houston, TX: https://www.
Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets: https://www.
Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer. https://www.
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! http://apne.ws/28HjJYz&nbsp;
McAllen, Texas- 8 miles from  U.S. - Mexico border. #Trump2016  Video: http://bit.ly/1tyCnlcTrumpSupporters&nbsp;
@realericjallen: @realDonaldTrump is a Common Sense Conservative! President Trump=Competence, Safety, Unity,  US JOBS, JOBS, JOB.
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M.  @FoxNews
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!https://www.
Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday! #AmericaFirst #Trump2016  http://bit.ly/1S5DugkDALLAS&nbsp;
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump may have insinuated about @POTUS. But he's right:http://bit.ly/1tpAFlM&nbsp;
Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA: http://bit.ly/1Xg2j0yGREENSBORO&nbsp;    WEDNESDAY! GEORGIA: http://bit.ly/1UMAzxeATLANTA&nbsp;  SATURDAY! NEVADA: http://bit.ly/1UiavupVEGAS&nbsp;
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the @USArmy! THANK YOU!
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
AMERICA FIRST!
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! #Trump2016 Tickets: http://bit.ly/1UMAzxeATLANTA&nbsp;
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd: https://www.
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: https://www.
I thought people weren  t celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right.http://
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby:  https://www.
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: https://www.
TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT: http://bit.ly/1OlXbfwNHSpeech&nbsp;
Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions, Pittsburgh @Penguins!
I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and @CNN, and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
@WandaWalls20: @realDonaldTrump Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble.
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted Allah hu Akbar! as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade.
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness  vigilance. We must be smart!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims  their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart  vigilant?
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly.
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst http://bit.ly/1Xg2j0YNC&nbsp;
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #AmericaFirst
Thank you Tampa, Florida! #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain
Sad case- @USATODAY did article saying I don't pay bills- false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!
In Tampa, Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Thank you Richmond, Virginia!  #Trump2016
Thank you @FaithandFreedom Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values. #RTM2016 #Trump2016
Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight! #Trump2016 Tickets: http://bit.ly/24CqaabVIRGINIA&nbsp;
#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!
2004 VIDEO: Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! #Trump2016http://
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOP Legacy Of Leading On Women  s, Civil Rights Against Racist, Sexist Democratshttp://www.
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
Join me!  6/10: Richmond, VA - 8pm 6/11: Tampa, FL - 11am 6/11: Pittsburgh, PA - 3pm 6/13: Portsmouth, NH - 2:30pm https://www.
@Ausbiz:  RECORD 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. You will be a great POTUS  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@FoxNews: .@JamesRosenFNC: Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by @TheJusticeDept.
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
@FreemarketSara: Trump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes - A Record ... Congratulations @realDonaldTrump
Join me! #Trump2016  6/10: Richmond http://bit.ly/24CqaabVIRGINIA&nbsp;  6/11: Tampa http://bit.ly/218EcgcFLORIDA&nbsp;  6/11: Pittsburgh http://bit.ly/1tlGuksPENNSYLVANIA&nbsp;
Thank you Roseanne, very much appreciated.http://
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted?
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv:  http://bit.ly/1YgDnwmTelAvivMessage&nbsp;
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama  but nobody else does!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!
@KathyCeurter: @realDonaldTrump please Mr.Trump make @SenatorJeffSessions your VP. He is a perfect running mate.  He is a great guy!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me.
@mabynshingleton: JohnKasich, the VOTERS have spoken.We want @realDonaldTrump. You AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave @GOP
@Dale_Dangler: @realDonaldTrump You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen  Thanks.
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!
@nauthizjane: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations Mr. Trump.  Thank you!
@setfire2flames: Senator Sanders spent more than @realDonaldTrump yet lost.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst #Trump2016
@lovusa4: @RichardWeaving Why @foxandfriends @NewDay WHERE IS THE REPORTING @realDonaldTrump &lt;MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA
@mariadaq:  HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt, record unemployment, pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!
@sara_wejesa: @realDonaldTrump Great speach!!!!!!!  Thanks!
@jimhewitt: . @FrankCaliendo doing @realDonaldTrump on @MikeAndMike is awesome. Number one presidency of all time
@JoeDeFranco: Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you
Nobody is watching @Morning_Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
@southpaw816: @SenSanders fans, greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for @realDonaldTrump, at least you'll have a job.
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
@WolfStopper: Gee ... Does this make @realDonaldTrump right one more time?
@DjD_Thunder: Standing by @realDonaldTrump all the way to the White House!
Thank you California! #Trump2016  https://www.
Thank you South Dakota! #Trump2016  https://www.
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
I will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity - Enjoy!  10:00 P.M.
Thank you! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC  VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
See, when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection, they made the change without giving me credit.http://www.
Thank you Diamond and Silk!
Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6, 1944.
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great!
People like @KatyTurNBC report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
I am watching @CNN very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as @CNN, is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
@sareed59:  Our ineffective #POTUS has to make a speech in #Elkhart to make everything look great. Mr. Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales, so many people feel this way.http://
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
@Don_Vito_08: Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country! #VoteTrump2016 JOIN ME ON THE #TrumpTrain
@rapidcraft: Here  s The HILLARY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking About https://shar.es/1J0NyV&nbsp; @realDonaldTrump
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
Thank you Redding, California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CAPrimary
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event @TrumpTurnberry- taking place on June 24th.
I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic, I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump.http://www.
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
I don't watch or do @Morning_Joe anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!
@fivestarr6028: Yes! Hubby and I voted 4 @realDonaldTrump already!
@LiliannyLeebou: I think the first female president of the USA will be @IvankaTrump a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!
@LunsfordWhitney: This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be president! #Women4Ttump #Trump2016
@angeloftruth11: Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Who's the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi?  http://reut.rs/22z6Sn4&nbsp;
@Crz4basball: @JudgeJeanine  @realDonaldTrump Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too.
Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After @TrumpScotland, I will visit @TrumpDoonbeg in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
After @TrumpTurnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, @TrumpScotland.
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated @TrumpTurnberry Resort, the worlds best.
Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. #Trump2016 Tickets: http://bit.ly/1UjPRxlREDDING&nbsp;
.@Natalie_Gulbis- Thank you for the nice piece in @SInow / @Golf_com. Keep up the great work!http://www.
@RobertMordica: @realDonaldTrump Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time. THANK YOU!
@Valenti317: @realDonaldTrump she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her.
@TaylorEdwards99: THIS IS @POTUS'S LEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEED @realDonaldTrump NOW!! #MAGA #TRUMP2016
@free_SA_BD: @realDonaldTrump A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country.
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews  will win case!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Join me in San Jose, California- tonight! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Tickets: http://bit.ly/1ZdWSh0SANJOSE&nbsp;
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
Do you ever notice that @CNN gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
@HaloDad22: @realDonaldTrump I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent #Teachers4Trump! We represent #CA4Trump! #NeverDems
@SCPioneer: @stockdaleism @JamesRosenFNC @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took. Thanks.
Thank you Sacramento, California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
Join me in San Jose, California- tomorrow evening at 7pm!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 http://bit.ly/1ZdWSh0SANJOSE&nbsp;
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening @ 7pm! #Trump2016 http://bit.ly/22wd27rSACRAMENTO&nbsp;
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@NBCDFW: Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering http://
@FrankyLamouche: how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east.
@MariaErnandez3b: Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally #TRUMP STRONG
@ScottWRasmussen: Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally http://nyti.ms/1NXyK1v&nbsp; A great day in D.C.!
@TeaPartyNevada: #Trump2016 Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans.  http://dailym.ai/27YaPWn&nbsp;
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!
The Republican Party has to be smart  strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes, but when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money  get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style  that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800-  I'm beating her.
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
Great rally in Fresno, California- great crowd! Thank you! #Trump2016
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:http://
.@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Thank you @BillyJoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
Wow- 25,000 in San Diego, California! Thank you!! #Trump2016
I am on @oreillyfactor tonight, a big special. @FoxNews  at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on @OreillyFactor tonight- @FoxNews at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good! #Trump2016
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://www.
Poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President! https://www.
My wife @MELANIATRUMP, and my children will be featured on @FoxNews with @Greta- 7pmE. Enjoy! #MeetTheTrumps #Trump2016
Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016
Thank you! #Trump2016http://bigstory.ap.org/article/a382673514394788b45cfc109d0febe4/mister-1237-north-dakota-delegate-puts-trump-over-top&nbsp;
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
Thank you Mr.  Mrs. @TomBarrackJr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016
.@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @OutnumberedFNC- thank you!
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Thank you Anaheim, California! #Trump2016
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
@elizabethforma  Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
@gordonsr1052:  Washington, BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!
@buiIdthewall: @realDonaldTrump high energy!
@PiperSul: Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you.
@DeepakS76435750: @realDonaldTrump congratulations from India
@oasisupernova: @realDonaldTrump UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CAN'T STOP THE #TrumpTrain  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@jknatter: @realDonaldTrump #TrumpTrain
@tcloer11: @realDonaldTrump Great job! Make America Great Again!
@elizabethforma Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Thank you Washington! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of @RickSantorum. Really nice! #Trump2016
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Thank you @DailyMail- for setting the failing @NYTimes story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written!  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3607052/The-sexist-boss-Trump-critic-Barbara-Res-REALLY-thought-turned-Donald-got-rid-refused-hire-back.html&nbsp;
A suggestion for the dishonest media- https://www.
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by @JasonDovEsqhttp://
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it  you will never be able to vote for her. @Ed_Kleinhttp://www.
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5  6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
Join me in California or Montana! 5/25/16: Anaheim, California http://bit.ly/20nwDoeANAHEIM&nbsp; 5/26/16: Billings, Montana http://bit.ly/22mHf8nMONTANA&nbsp;
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Obama  s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measure wait times. Hillary says VA problems are not   widespread.   I will take care of our vets!
Is Hillary really protecting women? https://www.
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you America! #Trump2016
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center! #Trump2016 #MAGA  Tickets: http://bit.ly/20nwDoeANAHEIM&nbsp;
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can  t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?
Why do the networks continue to put dopey @BillKristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
@dubilujane: I trust @realDonaldTrump more anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A, without a  doubt.
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! #ArmedForcesDay
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@CNN is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!
@RBacliff: Hillary wants to rip the guns out of America's hands. No guns = no protection. Get on #TrumpTrain  join @NRA to stop her.
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Thank you @TheTodaysGolfer for the wonderful statement that the new par 3 9th hole @Trump Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain.
@montgomeriefdn  Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!
@montgomeriefdn: @TrumpTurnberry Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June '16 Can't wait to play it
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today @TGowdySC. It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! #Trump2016
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox  the @NRA!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the @NRA- prior to @GOPconvention! #Trump2016 #2A
Failing @NYTimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Thanks @piersmorgan!  Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertainingmassively popular candidate this country has ever seen.
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the #SecondAmendment at a private event. #2A cc: @NRA
I am on my way! See you all soon!
A Call for Unity by Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because she has very bad judgement - Bernie said the same thing!
Thank you @LtStevenLRogers. We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the @nytimes as a disgusting fraud?  Thank you Rowanne.
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Some low-life journalist claims that I made a pass at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the @nytimes story which has become a joke!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 http://bit.ly/1R9vMkzFoxNewsPoll&nbsp;
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016
Thank you Arizona! See you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why did Clinton supporter @AlisonForKY declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala, the dopey @CNN flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
@ShoneeP: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterday's and today's nightmare
@MagicMetalNinja:  The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for #AmericaFIRST.
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Thank you Oregon! #Trump2016  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@LouDobbs: Hillary Just Handed @realDonaldTrump a Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
@sandrajeanne48: No way I believe Trump at 70% disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 1/2 women. MSM LIES @TheFive
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
@michael_favreau: @JIS3 @realDonaldTrump He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
I can't believe that @CNN would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
@COWBOYSFORTRUMP: @ChristiChat @Rockprincess818 @realDonaldTrump That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon tonight!
Will go back on for a final question now!
@jrector34: @realDonaldTrump Amazing job
I will be live tweeting @megynkelly Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
I will be live tweeting my interview with @megynkelly on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy!
I look forward to watching @megynkelly tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats me  I think she will be very fair.
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the energizer to D.C.?
#VoteTrump at clerk's offices  185 ballot drop boxes in #ORPrimary! Closes at 8pm! http://bit.ly/1TXfrExVoteTRUMP&nbsp;
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. You can tell them to go BLANK themselves - was about China, NOT WOMEN!
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
@AprilLaJune: OREGON votes today! Go vote for @realDonaldTrump and kick it BIG TIME!
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue. This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!
The writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes, Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.
Over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. That  s because there were so many positive statements.
No wonder the @nytimes is failing  who can believe what they write after the false, malicious  libelous story they did on me.
The failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
Thank you, Anthony @Scaramucci @WSJ The Entrepreneur's Case for Trumphttp://www.
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!
A political commentator for @cnn, which I no longer watch, said Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries. I set all-time record!
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday, was on @foxandfriends saying Times lied
The @nytimes is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
Great new poll- thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The @washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
Thank you Georgia! See you soon! #Trump2016
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
Why did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece. Massive front page for that!
Why doesn't the failing @nytimes write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
@TakingIt_Back:  @nytimes keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them! #Trump2016 Thanks.
@tzard000: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes Everyone continues to pile onto Donald, but they can NEVER take away our votes!  Thank you!
Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
@DistlerJoyce: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP
@MrTohNey: Leicester  DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights. History?
@QueenCharlotteO: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes I'm a women  I 100% support @realDonaldTrump  I have since the beginning. Thank you!
The failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!
Thank you for the nice words this morning @KellyRiddell. Well delivered and totally logical! @CNN   @FoxNews
@stranahan: Sheldon Adelson Pledges $100 Million to Elect Trump President - Breitbart http://www.
Wow, @CNN is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
Great new poll- thank you!
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person I have such tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon!https://www.
.@thehill  Your story about me  the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect  it is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!
Great meeting with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. #Trump2016
Great day in D.C. with @SpeakerRyan and Republican leadership. Things working out really well! #Trump2016
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, we  d have no jobs in America  she doesn  t have a clue.
In interview I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
Isn  t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump  gets nothing done in Senate?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media  asking for increase!
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldn  t care less about the American worker  does nothing to help!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman  s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet   when a woman stands up to you
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!
Thanks Piers.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn  t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
Thank you West Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me  I can  t tell the truth about her husband? Don  t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
Hillary has bad judgment! https://www.
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan  the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!
Via @JTAnews and Jason Greenblatt  Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs @JasonDovEsqhttp://www.jta.org/2016/04/18/news-opinion/politics/donald-trump-is-a-visionary-with-talents-our-country-needs&nbsp;
WEST VIRGINIA #VoteTrump TODAY! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary! @marthamaccallum
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
. #RepMikeKelly  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@RedRising11: I am a woman  I JUST VOTED FOR @realDonaldTrump #NebraskaPrimary #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident
Thank you Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq For Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat  she had one!
#NEPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016 http://www.
#WVPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016 http://www.
@Valdosta_Monkey: @ChrisCuomo @realDonaldTrump  Is Chris serious, lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NAFTA
@daybastrop @foxandfriends @BretBaier The liars that signed the pledge and now won't support @realDonaldTrump IS the reason they are losers
@NathanDWilsonFL: @MariaBartiromo you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump.
Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBizAlert  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
@RichBooth6: @realDonaldTrump @CNN good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight. Thank you.
Wow, I hear @Morning_Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
.@drmoore  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
@mathewjmari: On @FaceTheNation #MattSchlapp was on the ball  #jenniferrubin is in a time warped stupor. @realDonaldTrump will EXPAND #GOP
I will be interviewed on @NewDay @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
On @seanhannity show @FoxNews now. ENJOY!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
.@KellyannePolls  Kellyanne, you were fantastic on @meetthepress today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
#HappyMothersDay!  https://www.
@matandsher: I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians can't. @realDonaldTrump will give his all for us!
.@EdGoeas thank you for your support tonight on @JudgeJeanine.
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!
I am honored that the great men and women of the @Teamsters have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! @Teamsters
Join me in Washington today! Spokane tickets: http://bit.ly/1QUVzx2SPOKANE&nbsp; Lynden tickets: http://bit.ly/272P0V4LYNDEN&nbsp;
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton  s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Let  s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren  s records to see if she is Native American. I say she  s a fraud!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
Response to @LindseyGrahamSC: http://bit.ly/1QUjCfyGrahamResponse&nbsp;
I hear @JoeNBC of rapidly fading @Morning_Joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!
@Ausbiz:  Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Governor Rick Perry said Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen. Thank you Rick!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. #Trump2016
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, We are going to put a whole lot of coal minerscoal companies out of business. She then apologized.
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain   Omaha, Nebraska: https://www.
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats  both with delegates  otherwise. He should show them,  run as an Independent.
Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! https://www.
I will be interviewed by @BretBaier @SpecialReport at 6pm ET tonight @FoxNews
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
Join me in Charleston, WV - tomorrow! https://www.
I will be interviewed on @TODAYshow and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.
I will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
.@oreillyfactor  Please correct, I WON Virginia!
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time  money
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
Polls close at 6pm! #INPrimary #Trump2016 #VoteTrump
Thank you America! #Trump2016  https://www.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #INPrimary #VoteTrump
Thank you South Bend, Indiana! Everyone get out  #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary
THANK YOU AMERICA! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out  #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to dealing with men who get off the reservation. Actually, she has done poorly with such men!
I will be interviewed on @CNN  @NewDay  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Carmel, Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! #INPrimary  https://www.
Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana! #Trump2016 #INPrimary
Thank you Terre Haute, Indiana! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@KarlRove is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good  never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
I am on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with #FNS, throughout the day. Enjoy!
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I watched Sen. Graham @FaceTheNation. Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Thank you @MikeOzanian for the nice comments on @FoxNews today. Great job!
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. #Trump2016 #MAGAhttp://www.
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
@LexingtonBobby: @FoxNews @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump
The protesters in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
.@AC360  Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
Thank you Costa Mesa, California! 31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back! #Trump2016
New York Yankees President, Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated.http://www.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #INDPrimary
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Evansville, Indiana!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
@AnnetteJeanne: I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump, so much.
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
Thank you Laura!
Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it! https://www.
Join me on @greta- from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! #Trump2016
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Agreed!
Thank you Newt!
Thanks Dave!
Thanks!
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you!
Thank you Rhode Island! #Trump2016
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016
Thank you America! #Trump2016
Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, Maryland! #VoteTrump
You have until 8pm to #VoteTrump, Delaware!
Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island! #VoteTrump
Six hours left to #VoteTrump Connecticut!
Lets go Pennsylvania! #VoteTrump
How bad is the New York Times  the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania, Barron, Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany, Don, Vanessa, Eric, and Lara!
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats  both with delegates  otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr  @EricTrump. #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! http://bit.ly/1VzIdekVOTETRUMP&nbsp;
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  #CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary #RIPrimary
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania! #PAPrimary #VoteTrump http://bit.ly/1MU1XKnPENNSYLVANIA&nbsp;
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island! #RIPrimary #VoteTrump  http://bit.ly/1MU07JhWARWICK&nbsp;
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors  special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
@DiamondandSilk: .@DonaldJTrumpJr awesome job on @CNNSotu. DonaldTrump has integrity  he refuses 2 play the game call Delegate Bribery
@newtgingrich: #NYPrimary turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive #GOP nominee http://bit.ly/1TlQDWw&nbsp;
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
.@AndreBauer  Great job and advice on @CNN  @jaketapper  Thank you!
.@Borisep was great on @JudgeJeanine tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @AP today. Amazing job!
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks!
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain http://bit.ly/23QSsDhDELAWARE&nbsp;
Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 http://bit.ly/1NpjgmdWATERBURY&nbsp;
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video: https://www.
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS  ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district!
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016 http://bit.ly/1SC8ZWlPENNSYLVANIA&nbsp;
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! #Trump2016 http://bit.ly/23PbVEnINDIANA&nbsp;
Thank you California! See you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 http://bit.ly/23P8PqaCALIFORNIA&nbsp;
Thank you, @DonaldJTrumpJr! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  http://bit.ly/1VrcqzcDonaldTrumpJr&nbsp;
Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the @TODAYshow with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon. #Trump2016 https://www.
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Had a meeting with the terrific @GovPenceIN of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state!
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#Trump360 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower-https://youtu.be/jHiLFECJWXc&nbsp;
Off to Indiana! #Trump2016
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!https://youtu.be/-8hF1vh5k2Y&nbsp;
@bigop1: @realDonaldTrump @CNN @oreillyfactor
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
Thank you New York! I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
.@CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O  @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me!
@GreenSkyDeb: Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!! #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@keksec__org: @realDonaldTrump Your policies will make this state and country great again! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@kdk144: @realDonaldTrump Everybody is In A New York State of Mind now!
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Discussing #NewYorkValues in Buffalo last night- on the eve of the #NYPrimary. LETS GO NY! #VoteTrump
1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for #POTUS. #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpNY #PrimaryDay
Who did the House Task Force on Urgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP?
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take back our country, and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Watch video  go #VoteTrump!
#ICYMI: #Trump2016 closing speech in Buffalo, New York! #VoteTrumpNY
Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets: https://www.
Thank you Eric!
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Buffalo! #NYPrimary  http://bit.ly/20SsGJwBUFFALO&nbsp;
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary
Lyin   Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
New York, we will make America great again! https://www.
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him  K
@DiamondandSilk: .@realDonaldTrump is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system. 4 no Profit, Under budget  ahead of schedule.
Thank you for today's endorsement, New York Veteran Police Association!  #NewYorkValues https://www.
Thank you, California! Will see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  http://bit.ly/1SM1rKdCALIFORNIA&nbsp;
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary  http://bit.ly/1XCcKzwNewYorkValues&nbsp;
Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
See you tomorrow Dutchess County,  New York! #NYPrimary #TrumpTrain http://bit.ly/23DhgytDUTCHESS&nbsp;
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, PA. 8:00pm on FOX. Enjoy! #Trump2016
@Ollie_621: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump I think it's more like 64%. #VoteTrumpNY #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
@AshleyEdam: New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz's core supporters  increased support for @realDonaldTrump ...Not surprising.
@Trumptbird: Dear  I'm starting to believe that you're actually going to WIN! #Trump2016 #presidenttrump #primary
@Trump_Supporter: Trump Holds 66% Favorable Rating in New York    Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire...http://ln.is/thegatewaypund
THANK YOU, SYRACUSE! #NYPrimary http://bit.ly/1p7dR7xSYRACUSE&nbsp;
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #NYPrimary
#ICYMI: @foxandfriends this morning.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
@dmharvey89: @realDonaldTrump @wdct8110 I just voted for @realDonaldTrump in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit! Fantastic!
@herb_stamper: @JackoffJosh711 @SenFrankNiceley @FoxNews @WSJ we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him Great!
@wdct8110: @realDonaldTrump We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us .. !!
@Bubble709_: @realDonaldTrump Praying for your family and your win in New York. Thank you!
Join me this weekend! #NYPrimary 4/16: SYRACUSE - NOON http://bit.ly/1SHXHcqSYRACUSE&nbsp; 4/16: WATERTOWN - 3pm http://bit.ly/23DgxgIWATERTOWN&nbsp;    #Trump2016
Thank you America! #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!http://www.
Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse, New York! #NYPrimary #Trump2016 https://www.
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! #Trump2016
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain Tickets: https://www.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.  (EASTERN).
Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow! #Trump2016 #NYPrimary Tickets available: https://www.
Tune in  join me live in Albany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain  http://rsbn.tv/live-stream-donald-trump-rally-in-albany-ny-4-11-16/&nbsp;
A very interesting piece, by a very good writer, @KirstenPowers of @USATODAY and @FoxNews.http://www.
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly  (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Conventionhttp://www.
This is happening all over our country  great people being disenfranchised by politicians. Repub party is in trouble!https://www.
@AnnesLimo: @realDonaldTrump @WVTTS1017 Thanks for Rochester rally.  Great people, thank you!
@WVTTS1017: @realDonaldTrump just listened to you on fox. I love you so much.  Thank you!
@autoprofessor17: @realDonaldTrump Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. #TrumpTrain
@TimeHasCome1: @WayneDupreeShow @ThePatriot143 Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k  own the news cycle
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016http://www.
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
The @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
@agentvf: New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart http://bit.ly/23iu6BT&nbsp;  @Q102Philly
@getreal1234: @realDonaldTrump @Kids123Nicholas @gqforbes @RepTomMarino let's go Pa he has my vote Go Trump
@jlopez05391: @realDonaldTrump Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain A big crowd!
@becker_berta: @vivhall3 @Reince Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people.
@metalmom888:  @Theresa_Cali If the GOP screws Trump, his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard
@AnnCoulter: GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner (Sanders).
@governor_savage: @realDonaldTrump is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@Mutual408Grace: @realDonaldTrump @gene70 California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April 19. Go out  vote.
@Kids123Nicholas: @gqforbes  @RepTomMarino @realDonaldTrump.Lets get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now.
@PennyHicks13: @Carolde @kisster1 @FoxNews   Your tax and economic plans are second to none! http://
@Theresa_Cali: Poll shows @realDonaldTrump leads among registered Republican women with 44%.
@vivhall3: @realDonaldTrump here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention. https://www.
I LOVE NEW YORK! #NewYorkValueshttp://www.
THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Missouri just confirmed #Trump2016 as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016 #NewYorkValues https://www.
Thank you Albany, New York! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 http://bit.ly/1qLxcnmNewYorkValues&nbsp;
  Donald Trump  The Disrupter   will air on @FoxNews Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by @BretBaier. @johnrobertsFox
Nobody beats me on National Security.http://www.
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt.http://
Jennifer is a terrific person.
@R_U_OK_UK: @realDonaldTrump @glozee1 @PaulManafort @CNN @DanScavino Vote trump to save the west. Don't become like Europe - #WakeUpAmerica
@glozee1: Great interview with @PaulManafort on @CNN regarding @realDonaldTrump path to victory #NewDay #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @DanScavino
@WPayton344: @PaulManafort Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
@iamDaveK: @realDonaldTrump first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?
@DiCristo13: @realDonaldTrump let's have the policy speeches on immigration, economy,  foreign policy, and NATO!
@Keeblerqueen: @RealRudyGiulian @realDonaldTrump Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!
@Genie115: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain we can only do that with @realDonaldTrump RT
@gracefulme3: @seanhannity @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget! https://www.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
I was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife, @MELANIATRUMP, today. #NewYorkValues
@gene70: @realDonaldTrump The Real Person Of The Year!
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
@DnGLax:  Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #trump2016
@AlexNightrasor: @realDonaldTrump @lilrachiepoo Trump will be our best president since Reagan!
@lilrachiepoo: @realDonaldTrump Thank you, Mr. Trump, for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN
@RepaloneLori: @realDonaldTrump @kirstiealley we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !!  Thank you.
@redneckgp: All you haters out there, STOP trashing the only candidate @realDonaldTrump that will put ALL OF YOU  AMERICA FIRST  #trump
@RepMartinDaniel: We support you #HaileyPuckett. You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!
@kirstiealley: HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of @realDonaldTrump  I'm a woman! (last I checked) And Rudy, U R amazing!
@Cam: Reports are RNC has received +1 million postcards so far! If I get more info on ## I'll post @AnnCoulter
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Still time to get out and VOTE! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 #MAGA
Wow, @Politico is in total disarray  with almost everybody quitting. Good news -- bad, dishonest journalists!https://www.
@roadsho: Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote @realDonaldTrump.The only candidate that will protect your rights!
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! #VoteTrump today  we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain!http://bit.ly/1Vt2jbScavWI&nbsp;
@FoxNews: @ScottBaio: #DonaldTrump is the only guy, I think, that has the will  the nerve to attack  to fight.
@vikkideiter: Something VERY close to my heart. I'm a NAVY VET! I love @realDonaldTrump's  VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS.
I will be on @SeanHannity @FoxNews- tonight at 10pmE w/ @MELANIATRUMP, from Wisconsin. Enjoy! #WIPrimary #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary https://www.
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you!
Will be interviewed on @SeanHannity on @FoxNews from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you @TrumpGolf!http://www.
Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary https://www.
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you! #VoteTrumpWI #WIPrimary  https://www.
I am on @FoxNews with @greta doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Congratulations to @gohermie for winning the @ShellHouOpen. We are all proud of you @TNGCBedminster  all @TrumpGolf clubs! Great going!
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with @MELANIATRUMP. Join us! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 https://www.
Thank you Miss Katie's Diner! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://www.
Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
@GOPjenna: I don't care about the game, I care about the PEOPLE. And that's exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much! #Trump2016
Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary
@007cigarjoe: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump IS THE ONLY DEAL !!!
@Margee11: #WISCONSIN VOTE SMART @tedcruz RECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING? SAVE AMERICA W/ @realDonaldTrump
@Wheels155:@CNN is reviewing the week,but majority of the show about @realDonaldTrump cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Media's a JOKE
I will be on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
@FaceTheNation: Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner @realDonaldTrump!
Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin.  #VoteTrump on Tuesday, April 5th! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed by @jdickerson on @FaceTheNation tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #Trump2016
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN! Thank you #Racine  #Wausau! Just arrived in #EauClaire! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary #TrumpTrain
.@FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
.@HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!
Great honor to have @GOP General Counsel, #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
Join me on Monday, April 4th in Milwaukee! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 Tickets: https://www.
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
If @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with @AC360 beat her by millions!
Is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States!http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3518397/Moment-two-drugs-smugglers-filmed-news-crew-sneaking-U-S-scaling-Arizona-border-fence.html&nbsp;
My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon! #WIPrimary #Trump2016  http://www.
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted? https://www.
For the 1st time in American history, America  s 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement  me! Thank you.
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical  economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
THANK YOU, NEW YORK! #Trump2016
THANK YOU, AMERICA! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  http://bit.ly/1RQ7R0hGOPNationalPoll&nbsp;
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump  next Tuesday, April 5th! #WIPrimary http://bit.ly/1RswyojVoteTrumpWI&nbsp;
Just had a very nice meeting with @Reince Priebus and the @GOP. Looking forward to bringing the Party  together --- and it will happen!
The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. #Trump2016  https://www.
@susanbirchfiel1: Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for @realDonaldTrump
@Gearssuxs: @loudobbsnews @realDonaldTrump I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary.  Great!
Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin! #WIPrimary #Trump2016  https://www.
Congratulations to @CNN for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Please keep your thoughts  prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005.http://www.
THANK YOU, NEW YORK! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://www.
.@DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on @CNN being nasty to me. Not nice!
Final #'s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!
Thank you! #Trump2016
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:http://dailym.ai/1V15tU3&nbsp;
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!http://cnn.it/1PBVj5u&nbsp;
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand??
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune.
Victory press conference was over.  Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges?
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
How come the @TODAYshow  @chucktodd show the new @NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
Wow, @CNN has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN  MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs  illegal imm!
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak  losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
@PaulaDuvall2:  Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood, he'll be against it!
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
@wolfblitzer:  Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals: @realDonaldTrump 7,546,980; @tedcruz 5,481,737; @JohnKasich 2,724,749 A BIG DIFFERENCE
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called leaders ever learn!
Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story  via the Gateway Pundit:http://www.
@nellalda: @realDonaldTrump We stand by Trump 100%  Thank you!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
@VictorConkle: #WIPrimary @realDonaldTrump will defeat ISIS and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
See Lyin' Ted, even the @DailyBeast (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump!
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women  children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
Wow, sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
I am interviewed on This Week on @ABC this morning. Enjoy!
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!
Don't believe the @FoxNews Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women  Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
@pattiandsammi: @gullakhta99 @realDonaldTrump @Tytan01 @CNN WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMP'S EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE. #WOMEN4TRUMP
@Tytan01: Dear @CNN, after doing a quick Google  Twitter search there are over 15,000 women's groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying.
@SpartanMaker:  Let me help you Trumpophobes with math: Trump: ($10.3B-$1.2M 74' equity)/1.2M = 858,233%. SP: 1314.5% #Derp
@stanColtrane: Turns out @glennbeck was wrong. @realDonaldTrump had nothing to do with it http://
@theAgeofLeo: Your instincts on foreign policy  terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined.
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
@11phenomenon: #LyingTed blames @realDonaldTrump for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis.
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- https://www.
@NeilTurner_: @realDonaldTrump Cruz  Rubio are scared! WATCH -&gt; https://www.
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S.  I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
@Doctor_S_Freud:  @TheView They're all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all A dead show
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time
.@TheView T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM NO
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
@TimVincent56:  @LindseyGrahamSC Talkers think about the future, Doers are already building it #VoteTrump2016
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a hell hole and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical article. I was so right!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
.@LindseyGrahamSC and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!
It is amazing how @LindseyGrahamSC gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
@missi51: .@realDonaldTrump thank God is not a politician, but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people.
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank @RealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I  m the only one that was right from the beginning,  now Lyin   Ted  others are copying me.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She  s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin   Ted Cruz. Honestly, I can  t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lyin   Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas   just another dishonest politician.
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016 #WesternTuesday #TrumpTrain
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately  get home to Washington- where a #POTUS, under a serious emergency belongs!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
#UtahCaucus message from @IvankaTrump! #UTCaucus #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://youtu.be/EcdGYvejQzI&nbsp;
#VoteTrump video: https://www.
My heart  prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it.
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time  time again I have been right about terrorism. It  s time to get tough! https://www.
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it  s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
@MyPresidentme: Here's Trump #AIPAC2016 in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch. https://www.
@BarronG510: @realDonaldTrump The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you.
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
@gamzorz:  @megynkelly Dont worry Trump, They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop
So the highly overrated anchor, @megynkelly, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES,  are never blamed by media? SAD!
Will be interviewed on @ThisWeekABC this morning. Enjoy!
@GStephanopoulos: What  s @realDonaldTrump's strategy to secure the GOP nomination? I  ll talk to the Republican front-runner. @ThisWeekABC.
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT'S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US  KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #AZPrimary  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters! #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@AndreaTantaros- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@jessebwatters- Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@DiamondandSilk- Just watched you on #WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! #Trump2016
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday. I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wow, @CNN ratings are up 75% because it's all Trump, all the time. The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great to be back in Arizona! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
If crazy @megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Crazy @megynkelly says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
@saneplanet: after tonight it is clear! Utah is #TrumpCountry  #Utah #Mormon #UtahPrimary #Utah4Trump
@TeamTrumpAZ: Check out HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX, AZ https://www.
@DonaldJTrumpJr: Honored to be in #Utah with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC
@Ma1973sk: Actually, no @FoxNews, @megynkelly has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day, every show, trashing, negative, hate.
@AshleyEdam: It's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months #voteTrump
@grammy620: 1st time I heard #Trump I said wow. I liked him! I then became a closet #Trump fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I will vote for!
@Veteran4Trump: Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president; We've Endorsed Him, We Believe In Him #Trump2016
@WesleyRickard: Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States #AZ #UT
@cmichaeld2004: Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee, what happened to that 30% ceiling
@ileanabarkus:  @nytdavidbrooks I totally agree! @nytdavidbrooks is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!
Thank you- New York! I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! #Trump2016
Reading @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
While I have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick,  the most overrated person on tv.
Thank you Arizona- I love you!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttp://
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich  Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who choked and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO!
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
.@EWErickson got fired like a dog from RedState and now he is the one leading opposition against me.
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC made horrible statements about @SenTedCruz    and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016http://
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. https://www.
Highly overrated  crazy @megynkelly is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday.
Please explain to the dummies at the @WSJ  Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!
.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!
.@WSJ Editorial says Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Crazy @megynkelly is now complaining that  @oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Great news that @FoxNews has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy @megynkelly supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. @oreillyfactor
Thank you, Missouri! #Trump2016
Wow, just won Missouri!
I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida  I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Yesterday was amazing  5 victories.  Lyin   Ted Cruz had zero. Things are going very well!
Is this what we want for a President? https://www.
.@RepTomMarino  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
@FoxBusiness: .@RepTomMarino: I think @realDonaldTrump can beat HillaryClinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president.
.@pastormarkburns You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:40. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @NewDay on @CNN at 7:15 A.M.
Will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!
@lucyric13835428: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly  That's funny, I switched to other media too, can't stand her
@MaryEH428: @RealBenCarson I thank God you are on board with @realDonaldTrump to help him and us #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ty!!
Thank you Marco, I agree!
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at  Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner! &ndash;  The Mar-a-lago Club
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable.
Thank you, Florida! #SuperTuesday  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
@DumpFoxNews: @FoxNews @megynkelly  If media wasn't so biased against Trump, he would've won all of the delegates.
@SCNAK45: @megynkelly is trying so hard to bash @realDonaldTrump it's ridiculous Don't worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!
@J_Styborski: @realDonaldTrump @gregens21 @BertShad @FoxNews @megynkelly Hayes is looking depressed as well.
@jsconlon11:  @BertShad @Foxnews @megynkelly I tried to give them a shot tonight, but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team.
@gregens21:  @BertShad @FoxNews @megynkelly She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says.
@BertShad: Was going to watch @Foxnews for the primary results but saw @megynkelly - looks like #CNN tonight
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will sing again.
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down.
#VoteTrump #SuperTuesday Florida Illinois Missouri North Carolina Ohio  #TrumpTrain  http://bit.ly/1prj4ZoVoteTrump&nbsp;
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter, @IvankaTrump! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesdayhttps://youtu.be/JprnzR9KsVo&nbsp;
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. #VoteTrump  Video: https://www.
Just received from @PeteRose_14.  Thank you Pete! #VoteTrump on  Tuesday Ohio! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
LYIN' TED
The failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination-  should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive!http://www.
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the @GolfChannel
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
@alextrent4: It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!
Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail!
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way
#EndCommonCore #Trump2016 Video: https://www.
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton  25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio!
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio.  No way to run a country!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman,  their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
Thank you Dayton, Ohio! 20,000 supporters- largest in airport history! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump today! #Trump2016
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres! #Trump2016
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman  conservative.
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://www.
Rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman's @NYDailyNews'

'Dr. Ben Carson- I concur.   I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better. @RealBenCarson
Thank you! #GOPDebate
@JaredWyand: Let's be clear.. #NeverTrump is about Never someone we don't own You either play into it  let them win or vote Trump.
Thank you America! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@adriparsonss: @The_Trump_Train @realDonaldTrump #Donald Trump is your man America. He is the best!! Vote for him! Thank you!
Wow, you are all correct about @FoxNews - totally biased and disgusting reporting.
Another Dishonest Politician  #LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars,  is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
I hear @NBCNews / @WSJ came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total #Mediafraud. When you watch, remember!
Hawaii: http://www.
#VoteTrumpID! #Trump2016https://youtu.be/Hf7xmPbEAqE&nbsp;
#VoteTrumpHI! #Trump2016https://youtu.be/RhNJLFaSRQQ&nbsp;
#VoteTrumpMI! #Trump2016https://youtu.be/s84xeuPxNiM&nbsp;
#VoteTrumpMS! #Trump2016http://youtu.be/ryL5ar3RkBc&nbsp;
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
@EricTrump: Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho  Hawaii today! Amazing father! https://t.co/cYpx4eC9W @Q
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you @EricTrump!
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho  Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video: https://www.
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly  are bad for America.http://
People forget, it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no  they went negative. Extortion! http://bit.ly/1X8uN9v&nbsp;
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against Ithttp://www.
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I  ll be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000!  Thank you!
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio:https://youtu.be/_pvirKqHy1g&nbsp;
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes-  nobody grows them better. As  President, I will protect your market.
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted excellent reviews.https://www.
@justin_sellers: Setup is underway @realDonaldTrump rally in Madison. #MSPrimary
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $'s in false ads!
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous  failures have ZERO credibility!
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook  Twitter. Watch!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
@Janetlarose1: @realDonaldTrump @FaceTheNation @jdickerson WASHINGTON VERSUS TRUMP  TRUMPS SUPPORTERS ... #TRUMPDOG
@ChadRowland3:  @jdickerson @FaceTheNation A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work. #TrumpTrain
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd did a 1 hour hit job on me today    totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to @jdickerson and @FaceTheNation for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are #1 in the ratings!
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters: http://www.
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn  t have a clue.
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you @IvankaTrump: https://www.
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning. Enjoy!  @jdickerson
.@FoxNews is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016 #SuperSaturday
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!
Thank you Willie Robertson!  #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the #TrumpTrain!
I am watching two clown announcers on @FoxNews as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag!
Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!
.@MittRomney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!
#CaucusForTrump #Trump2016
Getting ready to make my speech at #KansasCaucus. A great honor! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusForTrump
To the people of Kentucky,  Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure.  #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.) KY his 2nd choice!
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
Wow, big lines in Kansas.
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!).
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://www.
Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump https://www.
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://www.
Thank you Cadillac, Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://www.
#VoteTrumpKS #Trump2016 March 5, 2016 | Wichita, Kansas:  https://www.
U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election: https://www.
Thank you Macomb County, Michigan! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
@SirHatchporch: Mary Kissel is an SNL character, right? She's not a real person, right? #MorningJoe  She is a major loser - no clue!
@AngieSteinberg: GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT @marykissel OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy! @Morning_Joe @realDonaldTrump
Thank you America! #Trump2016  https://www.
MY POSITION ON VISAS #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://www.
The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University. #GOPDebate https://www.
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used.
Senator Sessions will serve as the  Chairman of my National Security  Advisory Committee. https://www.
THANK YOU PORTLAND, Maine! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://www.
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! #Trump2016
Will miss @RealBenCarson tonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
@blt21muttrades: People are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. Not gonna happen #MAGA
@CreativeXwalk: @realDonaldTrump teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again.
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of Trump
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big R win!
@malski1954: I changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio  Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
@Johnsmi01433966: The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off.
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Video: https://www.
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify. Video: https://www.
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: https://www.
.@CNN poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!'
